[Chorus (R. Kelly):] 
Big chips! (Woo!) We off in Vegas drinking and partying 
We got chicks in swimsuits modeling 
We in the twin stretch Maybachs dipping low 
The way the wrist shine it's so magical 
You know them boys got the clubs out of control (Ho!) 
Nigga what you heard it's Kells and Hov 
With the second coming of Best Of Both 
In the first week I predict a million sold, we talking... 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z (R. Kelly)] 
Big chips! Big trips to Vegas nigga 
Big cribs and the whips is spacious (Uh huh) 
Any day they could dig your grave 
Shit, so big is my inspiration, dig 
No reward that's the risk is taken 
In which case you niggas wouldn't wanna switch places 
I on the other hand relish the situation 
Thank the Lord for the gift, I'm gracious 
I went overboard, look at this big bracelet 
I overhauled it you wouldn't recognize it 
From the time that I bought it I just replaced it 
I risk cases for shit like this, nigga I pray for some shit like this 
Word to my Uncle Ray, who gave us life for some shit like this 
Ma you rolling I'm as real as it gets 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 2: R. Kelly] 
Big chips! I can't take this 
The way you move your ass slow like Matrix 
You make me wanna toss chips in Vegas 
Before I toss chips first, get naked 
I can't fake it, girl you got the club shut down when you freak it 
Superstar honey, so mean and vicious 
Got a lot and coming, I'm so mean and vicious 
Bark bark farmer, this chicken laying platinum ex-farmer (preach!) 
So go low mama, give it a go 
As I punch 170 on stretch roads, must turn up the radio! 
Girl you so good I'm swerving like whoa! whoa! 
Uh oh! Uh uh oh! From the club to the stretch 
Out the stretch to the Hotel, into the hotel suite! 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse 3: Jay-Z] 
Big chips! I'm a boss I said 
Tilt my hat and I cross my legs 
Like old ladies at the park, I toss my bread 
And the pigeons start flocking, balling like Bishop Loughlin 
And stick Cochran on any DA, to try to stop him 
So any gunplay that is an option 
I been doing this since niggas was woppin 
Rocking Izods with the matching socks, and 
Slap boxing in the back park and when the girls start watching 
Try to get real, you had to drop 'em 
See I ain't never been a fronter 
Or fake it till I make it tight nigga ma I don't want you number 
Either you're coming or I one you 
Either you know what you want ma, I don't even want you 
You play pretty if you wanna 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Bridge: R. Kelly] 
All around the world, stop where the sun sets 
Spending big chips you wanna go (uh oh, uh uh oh!) 
You wanna go (uh oh, uh uh oh!) 
Say we goin around the world, stop where the sun sets 
Spending big chips you wanna go (uh oh, uh uh oh!) 
Do you wanna go (uh oh, uh uh oh!) 
 
 [Outro: R. Kelly] 
Uh, come on, Tone, I see you, Jigga, Kells, uh, yeah, Track Masters 
What's really good, we're in the islands chilling in the shade and shit you know 
Blue waters, yellow sand, uh 
Either I'm high or, I think I just saw a dolphin