[Intro] 
Halt! Who goes there? 
It is I sire Tone from Brooklyn. 
Well, speak up man what is it? 
News from the East sire! THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS HAS RETURNED! 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z (R. Kelly)] 
Mirror, Mirror on the wall, who is the freshest of them all? 
I love ‘em all but none of yall can fuck with the double suicide doors on that black phantom, 
Fuck em all 
We got hits like a 30 shot clip when we throw one in the air everybody hit the floor 
Holla atcha boy, boys, when we boys so we bringin out them toys 
Lane to lane on the dana danes 
We give you noise man when the year change we change, nigga we right here 
We can go bang for bang 
We can go clip for clip nigga chain for chain 
We can go bitch for bitch got a pretty young thing 
That I keep by my hip like my celly that ring, sing! 
(Me and Michelle at the hotel while Jay and Tone on the way to the after party got the ladies sayin 
OH! Best of Both Worlds) 
Best of Both Worlds and we rock the globe 
You knamsayin 
Ya boy H-O wit Kels we not playin 
Losers lose so when we does what we do we win 
Then win again like de ja vu 
Then we win again like MJ do 
Three-peat then retreat the waters that’s blue 
Young scrappy this what grown men do lets move! 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly (2x)] 
In this arena, arena 
All we wanna see is them hands up, hands up 
This is for them hustling boys and girls 
It’s the return of Best of Both Worlds 
(Nothin can hold us now!) 
 
 [Verse 2: R. Kelly] 
Now all the ladies love Kels cause Kels is fresh 
And plus Kels got “superpimp” ‘cross his chest 
I got a phat gold chain and I drop top Lex 
And when im rollin thourhg ya hood I be causin wrecks 
Man I’m a gigalo, Air Force Ones and fresh linen 
I be in the club while my chrome still spinnin 
Ladies line up in a single file line just to hit a ?? I’ll sing ‘em a few lines like (Me and 
Michelle at the hotel while Jay and Tone on the way to the after party got the ladies sayin OH! 
Best of Both Worlds!) 
Shuttin it down you knamean 
Kels and Jigga man bacl on the scene 
Step up in the club so fresh and so clean 
Ladies be like damn! BLING! BLING! BLING 
Hov rap and I SING! SING! SING 
H to the O and the R&B King, before we do a show its like CHING! CHING! CHING! 
So Lodi Dodi, we likes to party, we don’t start fights we don’t bother nobody 
The good news is haters we gat a lotta dough, bad news is it’s the return of Best of Both… 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Bridge: R. Kelly] 
We on a world tour wit Jay and my man 
Goin each and everywhere wit the mic in our hand 
London, Paris, New York, D.C., Detroit, From Chi-Town to Cali 
We on a world tour wit Kels and ya man 
Goin each and everywhere wit the mic in our hand 
Philly, Jersey, Dallas, St. Louis, Miami 
Best of Both comin to ya city! 
 
 [Chorus]