[Jay-Z] 
Bounce 
Uhhh, ha, uhhh, ha 
Uhhh, uh-huh-uh-uhhh, uhh, uh-huh 
This for my hustlers.. uh-huh 
And for the bitches.. yeah 
 
Yo, yo 
This is for my niggaz down in Houston on candy paint 
All my niggaz in the Dirty South, Miami mayne 
All my niggaz in the A-T-L throwin dem bones 
All them thugs that send slugs through your clothes; holla at me 
It's for the black culture, Spanish chicks with the sweet chocha 
Spanish cats with the ki's of cocoa 
All the haters eat a dick they wanna see you brok-er 
I hope the heat stroke ya, the misery is over 
All my deep smokers, I hope the leaf choke ya 
Hope you'll never be sober I'ma toast to myself 
I hope the Crist' get me, spiralin into a tizzy 
So pissy, swervin on the road dizzy 
May God protect my soul, angels walk with me 
First do the flow sickly, niggaz is so shifty 
The fo'-fo' is like a force field, you won't get me 
I brought some folk with me, Brooklyn is loc'n with me 
What the fuck? 
 
 [Chorus: Juvenile repeat 2X] 
You know, we ride 
All day, all night 
Pop Crist, shoot dice 
Fuck hoes, for life 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
This is for my chicks that get dough for takin off they clothes 
All them money makin honeys that slide down the poles 
All my educated chicks who grade is 4.0 
All the baby mamas across the globe; aiyyo 
I like my women friends feminine 
I like my hoes on "X" like Eminem.. shit! 
I like em bow-legged, never coke-headed 
With a dough fetish - the drive to go get it 
I like they toes proper, I like they clothes Prada 
I like they shoes Gucci, I like new coochie 
I fucked a few groupies, in a few hoopties 
I got em iceberg shit they thought I knew Snoopy 
I cop them Roc-a-Wear, my mamis dedicated 
They never tell me no, the most they said is "not here" 
I got they ears studded, both wrists baguetted 
I got a main chick, a mistress, and a young bitch 
Forget it I'm the don 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Wha-What? 
This is for my dice shooters, cats doin life 
By the time I get this kite to ya, I hope you doin alright 
Who got em platinum up? Who got the chicks in the truck? 
Too much to sit comfortably, they lappin up 
Who shit is big pimpin? See the flow different 
I drop heavy then I let the four-fifth flip em 
I keep rappers talkin to kids, Jigga "Sixth Sense-d" em 
Don't mention my name and lames in the same sentence 
You see I'm so thorough, take on your whole borough 
Be so careful I hear the whistle from the fo'-fo' barrel 
Keep the flow Hovah; icy neck, cold shoulder 
Who click is closest to La Costra Nostra? 
It's "The Roc" 
 
 [Chorus 1.5X]