Yes, yes YEP! 
Welcome to the.. Jay-Z extravaganza 
I'd like to introduce my band right now 
Just Blaze and the Blazettes, hehe 
Right now I want you to give the drummer some 
No ma really, give the drummer some 
Uhh 
 
Touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable 
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby) 
Yeah, ch-chi-uh, uh-ch-ch-uh, un-breakable 
Rock the unrockable (it's Hovi baby) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Follow the flow, look 
They say a midget standin on the giant's shoulder can see much 
further than the giant.. (the giant..) 
So I got the WHOLE rap world on my shoulder they tryin to see 
further than I am.. (than I am..) 
And I have been tryin to be patient with they preoccupation 
with David and Goliath.. (Goliath..) 
But sooner or later, that patience gonna run it's course 
and I'm forced to be a tyrant.. (be a tyrant..) 
But bein tyrant, comin through your environment 
Iron mask, nigga iron gas, nigga I am back 
With "The Team," no I in that 
R.O.C., y'all not eyein that 
Y'all don't see, clearly cause the reign ain't gone 
"The Dynasty," no not Ming but Shawn's 
Dame careems, nigga it's the gangsta team 
Stop your run, one of the reasons that they call us gangrene 
The other reason, we got a gang of green 
If there's better at gettin cheddar that remains to be seen, nigga 
 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!! Jeah, jeah 
 
 [Chorus] 
Can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable 
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby) 
Can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable 
Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby) 
 
Can't move the unmoveable, stop the unstoppable.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Jeah, look 
I'm so far ahead of my time, I'm bout to start another life 
Look behind you, I'm bout to pass you twice 
Back to the future and gotta slow up for the present 
I'm fast, niggaz can't get past my past 
How they propose to deal with my perfect present? 
When I unwrap "The Gift & the Curse" in one session 
Ain't no livin person can test him 
Only two restin in heaven can be mentioned in the same breath as him 
Seven straight summers, critics might not admit it 
But nobody in rap did it, quite like I did it 
If you did it I done it before, you get I had it 
Got mad at it and don't want it no more 
And that goes for everything from flippin that raw 
Flippin whores, flippin vocal chords, don't get it twisted 
Get it right, did different, did it better, did it nice 
Did the impossible then did it twice (get it right) 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yup! Hovi's home, the global phone 
The world is back in order the number one rap recorder is back 
You cats overfelt yourself 
You couldn't help yourself, now witness the reel for reel 
In my absence cats get, absent-minded 
Now it's time to rewind and remind 'em 
why I'm in the position that I am 
changin the game, my game could nail Madonna 
Well after I'm gone, they'll honor 
history in the makin, Pistol Pete 
leave competition shakin without missin the beat 
Chasin the hi-hat all over the track 
The snare is scared of the air in here, BOOM! 
And plus I get paper dog, don't let me forget 
The watch face so blue like it's holdin it's breath 
Can't see me skill for skill or check for check 
It's the bow tie flow dog, I bring it to your neck 
Live and correct I will bring it to your set 
I got now, I don't care who got next 
Rapper slash exec, Kordell Stewart 
Your flow all y'all usin is mine, you're all useless 
You ain't a factor, who are you foolin? 
You all are faggots, you takin it backwards (takin it backwards) 
I'm tryin to progress with this rap shit 
Nigga, nigga your whole career is a accident 
Who was gassin 'em? (Fuck outta here!) 
 
 [Chorus]