[Jay-Z] 
Jay-Z this, Jay-Z that (Jay-Z won't hold my hand no more) 
Jay-Z this, Jay-Z that 
Jay-Z that, Jay-Z this (Jay-Z won't give me no money) 
Get off Jay-Z dick 
What y'all niggas get front page articles, y'all mention Jay-Z name 
(This thing on?) Jay-Z, Jay-Z, in Jay-Z news 
I understand what y'all trying to do 
I brought the flutes this time, though 
I unleashed the flutes on them, guru 
Gimme some more music in the headphone 
Let's get the proceedings proceeding this evening 
Let's do this thing (let's do it right this time) 
C'mon 
 
H, O V A 
I got my mojo back baby, oh behave 
Naw, naw, don't be afraid 
Y'all and your articles, hard to spit at Jay 
Y'all from afar threw thoughts my way 
What you thought, I would naught have nothing to say? Nope! 
Y'all fell into the booby trap 
I set the trap just to see dude react, and now 
And now you'se can't leave 
You opened the door god, I'm at you annually 
And I'm sorry Miss Rosie Perez 
I call a spade a spade, it just is what it is 
But you can't give cred to anything dude says 
Same dude to give you ice and you owe him some head 
(Shortyyyy!) It's time to wake up the dead 
You sound a little naive in them articles that I read 
 
 [Hook (x2)] 
H, O V A 
The Blueprint 2 baby, on the way 
H, O V A 
I got my mojo back baby, oh behave 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Can't y'all, see that he's fake, the rap version of TD jakes 
Prophesizing on your CDs and tapes 
Won't break you a crumb of the little bit that he makes 
And this is with whom you want to place your faith? 
I put dollars on mine, ask Columbine 
When the Twin Towers dropped, I was the first in line 
Donating proceeds off every ticket sold 
When I was out on the road, that's how you judge Hov, no? 
Ain't I supposed to be absorbed myself? 
Every time there's a tragedy, I'm the first one to help 
They call me this misogynist, but they don't call me the dude 
To take his dollars to give gifts at the projects 
These dudes is all politics, depositing checks 
they put in they pocket, all you get in return is a lot of lip 
And y'all buy the shit, caught up in the hype 
Cause the nigga wear a coofie, it don't mean that he bright 
Cause you don't understand him, it don't mean that he nice 
It just means you don't understand all the bullshit that he write 
Is it "Oochie Wally Wally" or is it "One Mic"? 
Is it "Black Girl Lost" or shorty owe you for ice? 
I've been real all my life, they confuse it with conceit 
Since I will not lose, they try to help him cheat 
But I will not lose, for even in defeat 
There's a valuable lesson learned, so it evens it up for me 
When the grass is cut, the snakes will show 
I gotta thank the little homie Nas for that though 
Saving me the hassle of speaking to half of these assholes 
And I'ma let karma catch up to Jaz-O, whoa 
I'm back before you had a chance to miss me 
My mama can't save you this time, niggas is history 
Who you know flow vicious as me? 
Yet so religiously, that's why they call me Hov 
I get the spoils cause the victor is me (me, nigga) 
You're an actor, you're not who you're depicted to be 
The street dreamin, all y'all niggas living through me 
I gave you life when niggas was forgetting you emcee 
I'm a legend, you should take a picture with me 
You should be happy to be in my presence, I should charge you a fee 
I'm Big Dog, Glenn Rob, listen God you a flea 
And the little homey Jungle is a garden to me 
What's the problem B? You not as hard as me 
Nigga hard as we, nigga R O C, nigga 
That's why they follow me, they feel my pain and my agony, nigga 
I won't rest till you on one knee 
You want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga 
Until you on one knee, you want war then it's war's gonna be, nigga 
 
 [Hook (x2)]