[Intro] 
Yo once a pimp gets threats 
That's right, that's the - the that's, that's threats them 
And I'm serious about mine, I'm so sin-surr 
And I, nigga I'll kill ya, I'll chop ya up 
Put ya inside the mattress like drug money nigga 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah, I done told you niggaz 
9 or 10 times stop fuckin with me 
I done told you niggaz 
9 albums, stop fuckin with me 
I done told you niggaz 
The 9 on me, stop fuckin with me 
You niggaz must got 9 lives 
9th wonder 
 
 [Verse One] 
Put that knife in ya, take a little bit of life from ya 
Am I frightenin ya? Shall I continue? 
I put the gun to ya, I let it sing you a song 
I let it hum to ya, the other one sing along 
Now it's a duet, and you wet, when you check out 
the technique from the 2 tecs and I don't need two lips 
To blow this like a trumpet you dumb shit 
This is a un-usual musical I conductin 
You lookin at the black Warren Buffett so all critics can duck sic 
I don't care if you C. Delores Tuck-it 
Or you Bill O'Reilly, you only rylin me up 
For three years, they had me peein out of a cup 
Now they bout to free me up, whatchu think I'm gon' be, what? 
Rehabilitated, man I still feel hatred 
I'm young black and rich so they wanna strip me naked, but 
You never had me like Christina Aguiler-y 
But catch me down the Westside, drivin like Halle Berry 
Or the FDR, in the seat of my car 
Screamin out the sunroof death to y'all 
You can't kill me, I live forever through these bars 
I put the wolves on ya, I put a price on your head 
The whole hood'll want ya, you startin to look like bread 
I send them boys at ya, I ain't talkin bout Feds 
Nigga them body-snatchers, nigga you heard what I said 
 
 [Chorus] 
I make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin 
Put your smarts on the side of your garment 
Nigga stop fuckin with me 
R. -- I. -- P. 
 
 [Interlude] 
That's right there nigga, nigga I'm wild 
Nigga I keep trash bags with me 
Never know when you gotta dump a nigga out 
This sin-surr, this some sin-surr SHIT right hurr! 
 
 [Verse Two] 
Grown man I put hands on you 
I dig a hole in the desert, they build The Sands on you 
Lay out blueprint plans on you 
We Rat Pack niggaz, let Sam tap dance on you 
Then, I Sinatra shot ya God damn you 
... I put the boy in the box like David Blaine 
Let the audience watch, it ain't a thang 
Y'all wish I was frontin, I George Bush the button 
Front of all you in your car lift up your hood nigga run it 
Then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it 
Your boy got the goods y'all don't want nuttin of it 
Like, castor oil, I Castor Troy you 
Change your face or the bullets change all that for you 
... y'all niggaz is targets 
Y'all garages for bullets, please don't make me park it 
in your upper level, valet a couple strays 
from the 38 special, nigga, God bless you 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Interlude] 
Yeah I'm threatening ya, YEAH I'm threatening ya! 
Who you thank you dealin with? 
They call me Threats, nigga I been makin threats 
since I been in kindergarten nigga! 
Huh, ask about me, see if you ain't heard 
 
 [Verse Three] 
When the gun is tucked, untucked, nigga you dies 
like numchuks held by the Jet L-I 
I'm the one, thus meanin no one must try 
No two, no three, no four, know why? 
Because one's four-five might blow yo' high 
You ain't gotta go to church to get to know yo' God 
It's a match made in heaven when I [blaow] 'splay the 7 
Put you on the nigga news, UPN at 11 
Where you been, you ain't heard, got the word that I'm 
 [blaow blaow] that I'm so sin-surr? 
I'm especially Joe Pesci with a grin 
I will kill you, commit suicide, and kill you again 
That's right 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Outro] 
Whattup? Motherfucker I keep three motherfuckers what? 
Nigga I'll throw a Molotov cocktail through your momma's momma's house 
Nigga what the - where everybody live! 
Undercover nigga take your teeth out your mouth nigga 
Chew your food up and put the shit back in your mouth nigga 
and help you swallow 
Nigga I take a mop handle off nigga 
And sweep nigga - hold on, I'll be - nigga what?