[Jay-Z] 
Told y'all... Dynasty... Roc-A-Fella Records, you heard me? 
Unstoppable, niggaz! Uhh 
Memph Bleek.. Amil-lion.. Sigel Sigel ya heard? 
It's a Dynasty! Who do you believe? 
 
Jigga Man, mo' better, mo' cheddar 
Foes knock the man off your Polo sweater 
Roll with the R-O-C, A-Fella 
Remember me? The teachers used to fail us 
Now it's mo' scrilla, hoe killers 
Fo'-wheelers, we - gorillas 
Oh please feel us - we heat holders 
Fightin? Listen boy, Roy Jones couldn't still us 
The plot thickens, the block clickin 
We got the game tied up, stop trippin 
Jigga Man huh? Sigel Sigel y'all 
Memph Bleek what? Amil-lion, uhh 
Cat be him, El Cap-i-tan 
The fire I spit burn down Happyland 
Social Club, we unapproachable thugs 
Non-social, gone postal 
Great aim, harm the arm close to your toast 
like a Don's supposed to, Shawn 
I thought I told you, these ain't just vocals 
Don't make me take it to the old school 
I put holes through your hoes too 
through your clothes to the foes to the nigga close to you 
Fuck it; Jigga Man huh? Sigel Sigel y'all 
Amil-lion what? Memph Bleek.. 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Y'all dudes don't - get it, come widdit 
Fifth loaded with slugs that'll rest in your fitted 
It's M dot E-M, the Roc be them 
Got the mamis sayin look, who can stop be them? 
You wan' press your dumb luck, get blam blam-ed up 
I crush your larynx, you talk 'bout us nigga 
No obituary, I get it critical 
You know Memph'll hit the pall bearer liftin you 
When I cock the plastic, make 'em drop the casket 
When it's hot, I'm blastin, it's the Roc, you bastards 
Jigga Man what? Amil-lion yeah 
Memph Bleek huh? Sigel Sigel c'mon 
Spit acid, c'mon 
Witcha bullshit smash hit, get your bullshit smashed in 
Niggaz wanna front and get jumped 
Bet the ruger give your right side a nice-sized lump 
Nigga, we are, the supreme squad 
You can dream hard but reality is 
we push the dream cars, fuck the queen broads 
puff the green raw, we as real as it get 
We the R-O-C dot A dot Fellas 
Bitches don't talk to us, the hoes they e-mail us 
Nigga, Jigga Man what? Memph Bleek huh? 
Amil-lion yeah, Sigel Sigel rap 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
R (dot) O (dot) C (dot) stop 
From tower to mind pop, I move out stop 
Shower your mind block, move out with glocks 
Raw to the cook, look, move out them blocks 
Take it to the bucks who be grindin it up 
Usually take it to the dubs so they diamond it up 
Competition, linin 'em up 
Forty-five ACP, let me squeeze lime 'em up 
You want, drama what? Well silence it up 
Since a young buck, violent as fuck 
Wettin me dog, the high will do it; I used to wild off embalmin fluid 
I send niggaz to the trauma unit 
Forty-five or the nine'll do it 
I fuck around and have your moms go through it - I'm a beast! 
Shit, niggaz always wanna ye shit, then they wanna cease shit 
when they motherfuckin peeps hit 
But I don't cease nuttin, I decease som'un 
I fuck around and have you sleepin underneath som'un 
Jigga Man what? Sigel Sigel y'all 
Memph Bleek uh, Amil-lion right 
 
 [Amil] 
Yo, A to the M-I, feminist 
Holdin the semi, leave niggaz faced with a dilemmi 
Am I, gon' run or stay, can I 
get away no you can't can't I surrendi? 
And I, lazy bop, Mercedes hot 
In my way through the tunnel like Lady Di 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Jigga Man huh? Sigel Sigel y'all 
Memph Bleek what? Amil-lion uhh