[people clapping] 
Yo whassup everybody this is Mariah Davis, Mad Wednesday's 
we here tonight to have a good time ("Yo! Start the show! Start the show!") 
Wait a minute; I see my man over there Jay-Z 
Jay-Z, Dam Deass let me hear that lil' tape of yours, and it's fat 
Why don't you come up here and kick a lil' freestyle 
Put that champagne down, and kick a lil' freestyle for me tonight 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!) [repeat 3X] 
Y'all motherfuckers musta hear that Tribe Called Quest, let's do it again 
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!) [repeat 3X] 
Well I'm gone... check this out 
Too much West coast dick-lickin, and too many niggaz on a mission 
Doin your best Jay-Z rendition 
Too many rough motherfuckers, I got my suspicions 
that you're just a fish in a pool of sharks nigga, listen 
Too many bitches wanna be ladies, so if you a hoe 
I'ma call you a hoe, too many bitches are shady 
Too many ladies give these niggaz too many chances 
Too many brothers wannabe lovers don't know what romance is 
Too many bitches stuck up from too many sexual advances 
No question; Jay-Z got too many answers 
I been around this block, too many times 
Rocked, too many rhymes, cocked, too many nines, too 
To all my brothers it ain't too late to come together 
Cause too much black and too much love, equal forever 
I don't follow any guidelines cause too many niggaz ride mine 
so I change styles every two rhymes, hah, what the fuck 
That's 22 too's for y'all motherfuckers out there, yaknahmean? 
Shall I continue? Check it out, what? 
 
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!) [repeat 3X] 
Well I'm gone... yo, yo, yo 
Copped to reach my quota, push rock, roll up smooth like on ya 
Whole groove like hold-up, swoll up 
Too many faggot niggaz, clockin my spendin 
Exercisin you're, gay like minds like Richard Simmons 
If you could catch Jay right, on the late night 
without the eight right, maybe you could test my weight, right 
I dip, speak quicker than you ever seen 
adminster pain, next the minister's screamin your name 
At your wake as I peak in, look in your casket 
feelin sarcastic, "Look at him, still sleepin" 
You never ready, forever petty minds stay petty 
Mines thinkin longevity until I'm seventy 
Livin heavenly, fuck, felony after felony, what? 
Nigga ya broke, what the fuck you gon' tell me? 
 
("Oooooooooooh!") 
 
Jay-Z, Jay-Z, now you know this is a fat track (aight) 
Now this is comin on your new album, on Roc-A-Fella records in ninety-six 
(no doubt no doubt) well, it is definitely the bomb 
But you know I do wanna say somethin to you, I know 
you've been havin a lot of problems with the law 
But I know you innocent, and I'm behind you 100% 
Mad Wednesday's, Ruby King, DJ Ace, Dang Dash 
Roc-A-Fella Records, we all behind you, you can come back anytime 
(Hah, thanks a lot) 
Wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute 
Ace, turn that music down 
I smell some reefer, now you see? 
That's why, our people don't have anything 
Because we don't know how to go in places and act properly 
("Hey shut the fuck up!") 
Wait a minute wait a minute who told me shut the eff up? 
Who told me to shut the eff up? Get him out of here 
I'm not gonna continue this show, until you throw him out 
Get him out right now, then I'ma continue my speech 
Thank you, he's out of here now, now like I was sayin 
We gotta build our own business, we gotta get our own 
record companies goin like Roc-A-Fella Records...