[Jay-Z] 
Geyeah, NYMP the realest, uhh 
This is educated thug MU-SIC, niggaz 
 
Life's a battle, mean streets eat you alive 
Blocks'll have you, tryin to maintain your course 
through the potholes and gravel 
Hot holes and what-have-you, tryin to clock dough 
Foes tryin to pop shots through you by code 
Pigs tryin to grab you and lock up your soul 
Through the Hot Apple, nighttime shots crackle 
(bucka bucka bucka) Fiends tryin to gaffle you 
Not only cokeheads but the Feds in the Mercuray Topaz 
after you, up the avenue 
Tryin to give you big numbers, you got math to do 
Tryin to make you miss summer, shit, that ain't cool 
I caught smaller cases tryin to get cap or two 
Up against the wall, tryin to pass through 
Ghost-like, hear the cries from the tortured souls 
Most nights, I hold my toast tight, and it goes like 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz 
N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz 
Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest 
Marcy.. Brooklyn.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yo; I come through, gettin money, sittin on twenties 
Niggaz throwin me shade, but ain't shit sunny 
Hot shells only thing niggaz could get from me 
Cocktails thrown in your living room, KA-BOOM 
I'm so confrontational; 
they shoulda never let me go on probation yo 
I'm a hustler; except that.. 
no correctional facilities can correct that 
I took a step back, I viewed myself, seen where my head was at 
It's where that dough is homey, gotta get that 
Gotta get away, some try but head back 
Uhh, street smart niggaz got left back 
Some died, they left stacks 
Me, I ball right, and on top of that I'm dog nice 
Jigga been cold as fuck before ice 
Not before Christ, but a long fuckin time 
Get your mind right niggaz 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
N.Y.M.P., the realest 
Uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz 
Uhh uh-huh, uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggaz 
Marcy.. feel me.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I looked Death in the face years back 
I held tears back, I gathered myself and stared back 
I'm from where you don't crack, the weak don't live 
You gotta bounce back homey, the streets don't give 
I take and rape villages, who gon' stop him? 
Not Rudy Guiliani, not Hillary Rodham 
Still I still pop him 
Shit I grassy knoll and hilltop him, it's all political now 
I think big when I spit at you now 
Between my dog and the figures, the four gonna get'cha 
Between life and death, they killed my spirit 
So what little life I got left, y'all can expect me to ball 
I ? myself, teacher said I was a lost cause 
cause I used to roam them halls 
Still I spit knowledge, dropped out of high school, skipped college 
Who woulda thought I'd make it "Big" like Ms. Wallace? 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
Uhh, yeah, N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz 
Brooklyn, what? N.Y.M.P., the realest niggaz 
Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggaz 
Marcy.. Brooklyn, N.Y.M.P. the realest, feel me 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Educated, thug mu-sic niggaz 
This is Brooklyn, this is gangsta, this is project 
Real shit, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggaz 
Marcy, Brooklyn, stompin grounds 
Fuck with me