[Chorus:] 
"Presidents to represent me" - [Nas] 
"Get money!" 
"I'm out for presidents to represent me" "Get money!" 
"I'm out for presidents to represent me" "Get money!" 
"I'm out for dead *fuckin* presidents to represent me (Whose...)" 
 
Rock... on, Roc-A-Fella y'all 
The saga continues 
 
Ahh, who wanna bet us that we don't touch leathers 
Stack cheddars forever, live treacherous all the et ceteras 
To the death of us, me and my confidants, we shine 
You feel the ambiance, y'all niggaz just rhyme 
By the ounce dough accumulates like snow 
We don't just shine, we illuminate the whole show; you feel me? 
Factions from the other side would love to kill me 
Spill three quarts of my blood into the street, let alone the heat 
Fuck em, we hate a nigga lovin this life 
In all possible ways, know the Feds is buggin my life 
Hospital days, reflectin when my man laid up 
On the Uptown high block he got his side sprayed up 
I saw his life slippin, this is a minor set back 
Yo, still in all we livin, just dream about the get back 
That made him smile though his eyes said, "Pray for me" 
I'll do you one better and slay these niggaz faithfully 
Murder is a tough thing to digest, it's a slow process 
and I ain't got nothin but time 
I had near brushes, not to mention three shots 
close range, never touched me, divine intervention 
Can't stop I, from drinkin Mai-Tai's, with Ta Ta 
Down in Nevada, ha ha, Poppa, word life 
I dabbled in crazy weight without rap, I was crazy straight 
Potnah, I'm still spendin money from eighty-eight... what? 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Geyeah, know what? I'll make.. 
you and your wack mans fold like bad hands 
Roll like Monopoly, ad-vance you copy me 
like white crystals, I gross the most 
at the end of the fiscal year than these niggaz can wish to 
The dead presidential, canidate 
with the sprinkles and the presidental, ice that'll offend you 
In due time when crime fleas my mind 
All sneak thieves and playa haters can shine 
But until then I keep the trillion cut diamonds shinin brilliant 
I'll tell you half the story, the rest you fill it in 
Long as the villian win 
I spend Japan yen, attend major events 
Catch me in the joints, convinced my iguanas is bitin 
J-A-Y hyphen, controllin, manipulatin 
I got a good life man, pounds and pence 
Nuff dollars make sense, while you ride the bench 
Catch me swinging for the fence 
Dead Presidents, ya know 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
Uh-huh, yeah, uh-huh, so be it 
The Soviet, The Unified Steady Flow 
You already know, you light I'm heavy roll, heavy dough 
Mic macheted your flow, your paper falls slow 
like confetti, mines a steady grow, bet he glow 
Pay five dead it from blow, better believe I have 
eleven sixty to show, my doe flip like Tae-Kwon 
Jay-Z The Icon, baby, you like Dom, maybe this Cristal's 
to change your life huh, roll with the winners 
Heavy spenders like hit records: Roc-A-Fella 
Don't get it corrected this shit is perfected 
from chips to chicks just drivin a Lexus 
Make it without your gun, we takin everything you brung 
We cake and you niggaz is fake and we gettin it done 
Crime Family, well connected Jay-Z 
And you fake thugs is Unplugged like MTV 
I empty three, take your treasure, my pleasure 
Dead presidentials, politics as usual 
Bla-ouw! 
 
"Dead (fuckin) presidents to represent me (Whose...)" 
"Dead (fuckin) presidents to represent me (Whose...)" 
"Dead (fuckin) presidents to represent me (Whose...)" 
"Dead (fuckin) presidents to represent me (Whose...)" 
 
 [Chorus 2X]