Roc-A-Fella y'all 
 [Jay] It's the Roc! 
Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga 
 [Jay] R.O., R.O.C. niggaz, R.O. 
Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga 
 [Jay] Hov'! R.O.C. niggaz, R.O., whoo! 
Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga 
 [Jay] It's Hov'! R.O.C. niggaz 
Jay-Z.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Come on the track duh duh da-da 
With a throwback jersey and a fitted 
Might blow a bag of hershey in the sidd-ix 
Or might take sips of army with a chidd-ick, I'm so sick widdit 
Lampin in the Hamptons, the weekends man 
The Stan Smith Adidas and the Campers 
Or playin guts on the cruise, Hermes bow shoes 
The Izod bucket on I'm so old school 
Yellow wrist watch, Gucci flip flops 
Six top model chicks, who is this hot? 
J-A, ladies help me say it now 
Y-Z, mami why you playin with me? 
Ride with me, get high as me 
It's how it's supposed to be, when you rollin with G's, Hov'! 
Back up in this bitch like whoa 
Jigga get this whole bitch jumpin like six-fo's 
 
 [Chorus] 
(Hov'!) V is I, and I am him 
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) 
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty inch rims 
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) 
And if y'all got love for me I got love for y'all 
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) 
And if y'all go to war for me I go to war wit y'all 
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Hov'! And so I breeze through, jeans is Evisu 
She's respondin, top of C. Bronson 
We in Luan (whoo!) gettin our groove on 
Buyin out the bar, on our way to Spa' 
She never seen a hundred on the wrist before 
Never seen twenty-two's on the 6 before 
I am, killin 'em out there, they needin first aid 
Cause the boy got more 6's than first grade 
The crib got, killer views and square feet 
You have to film MTV Cribs for a week 
So, sleep if you need to, mami I will leave you 
Right where you stand, nah I don't wanna dance (I'm good) 
I just wanna see what's in your Frankie V pants 
Waist is low enough to let your waist show 
Top like a rock star, I got a fast car 
We can cruise the city, doin a buck-sixty 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
"He did it again!" Haters no like 
But they gotta fuck with it cause the flow's so tight 
Gnarly dude! I puff Bob Marley dude 
All day, like Rastafari's do 
Now I'm stuck to the point I could hardly move 
You fuckin up my high, don't bother me dude 
But Red Rover, send your hoes over 
She can do WHATEVER, sip somethin with soda 
She can leave WHENEVER, sip somethin with Hova 
We can play HOWEVER, slay bed or sofa 
And the prognosis, sex is explosive 
Left her with wet bedsheets, nigga I'm focused 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
R.O., R.O.C. niggaz.. 
R.O.C. niggaz 
(Roc-A-Fella y'all!)