Uhh, yeah, uh-uhh-uh 
Uh-huh, uh-uh-uhh, uhh, uhh 
I ain't tryin to be RUDE DUDE 
but give a nigga some space 
I ain't tryin to be rude dude 
Just, give a nigga some space 
Just tryin to talk honey dog 
I ain't got time to waste (check it) 
 
 [Jay-Z sings] 
Why is you over here lookin at me 
while all these girls up in here? 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
What you gay? Nigga Jay straight like indian hair 
Y'all don't want me to spray the semi in here 
I mean if you a fan I consider you fam' 
But shake a nigga hand, but shit god damn 
All that ("Do you remember me dawg?") Nah I'm drawin a blank 
You got me feelin like a fish, in a fish tank 
Just think, if you came to a club 
Tryin to find a little hon for some one-night love 
'Stead you got another nigga all up in your mug 
You make me uncomfortable thug, go thatta-way! 
And kill the ice grill homes 
Cause I keep enough heat to melt THAT away 
I came in some sweats, I came to get met 
Tryin to find a chick that make it hard for me to "next!" 
We exit stage left, hope in the Lexus 
Treat me like a baby, mouth on her breast-es 
.. may I suggest that it's 
a lot of long-legged chicks in short-ass dresses 
.. go find you one 
Go get your dance on, go grind on one, damn 
.. go find you one 
Go get your dance on, go grind on one 
 
 [Chorus] 
Quick question - yo, why you over here? 
So many hoes in here 
My office hours 9 to 5, whyon'tcha call me there 
It's so many hoes in here 
I ain't tryin to be rude dude, whyon'tcha dissapear? 
There's so many hoes in here 
I understand you got issues but I really don't care 
There's so many hoes in here 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yea yea yea I know you rap and your sister spit too 
You been callin the office and you can't get through 
I understand all that, but now ain't the time 
I came to the club to get that off my mind 
And all you thugs with your war stories startin to bore me 
I ain't tryin to hear about your guts and glory 
I'm tryin to hear B.I.G. and some cuts from Nore 
And you keep talkin over the beat like Clue ("Do you remember?") 
.. go find somethin to do 
You're a janitor, go find somethin to screw 
Disappear like Copperfield, go cop a feel 
Play hide and seek witchaself for real, huh 
The chick came dressed up just to get messed up 
She got her hair done, just to get it sweated up 
Shit I'm tryin to help her out 
Whyon'tcha help me out and be out? 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Jeah, jeah, jeah 
 
 [Timbaland: repeat 3X] 
You're invadin my space 
You need to, be easy, ahh 
 
You're invadin my space 
C'mon dawg, be easy, ahh 
 
 [Timbaland] 
Uh-uh, I don't know why they do that 
Heh, I don't understand 
Heh, what you need to do, is.. 
 
 [Timbaland: repeat 3X] 
Stop spittin in my face and go talk to them hoes in here 
 
C'mon dawg, stop spittin in my face and go talk to them hoes in here 
Be easy