[Sheek] 
Fuck -- shit is real right here 
Roc-a-Fella, LOX, takin the streets over motherfuckers 
Don't get it twisted 
Yo, aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo 
Yo shut the fuck up 'fore I blast and Banned From TV your ass 
with no mask, look at the camera like what? 
Yeah I did it like them sick white boys the court committed 
To the death of me, I'm spaz like I'm on Ecstasy 
Drop 100 bars for real like I'm lookin for a deal 
If I ain't hungry, who the fuck is, I'm worse than them African kids 
I ain't straight til my numbers match the Motorola ?bid? 
And walk the streets up in ? ? like I don't fuckin care 
If I ain't strapped that means I took em off my Nike Airs 
Get off mine, y'all talk shit like little children 
when I ride mine like bitched when I walk up in the building 
Cause I catch tans in the winter, with wild whores 
Jet-skiin, while you keep warm at corner stores 
I make it hot, floodin your block, the best way 
Professionally, they'll find poison in your X-Ray 
As I get roasted lookin at Biggie posted on my wall 
Takin shots of Louie til I fall 
Nuttin to lose, just load the clip up in the groove 
and kick rhymes to the poster, til I swear Big move 
My team, you would think was on Thorazine 
How we floss and don't give a fuck what it's cost-ing 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Yo, yo, pressure bust pipes, it's time to apply it now 
Pick out a quiet town and tie it down 
Make niggaz lock it down, y'all know where to buy it now 
Beanie Mac I supply it now 
My squad roll deep, in foreign cars with two seats 
Couple of 5's, a 6, a few Jeeps 
Bag enough coke to last a few weeks 
In case niggaz wanna test, vest and a few heats 
You really wanna test my name? And test my game? 
Until you have me, test my aim? 
Y'all niggaz nuts, like testricles 
Hit you up in your apartment buildin vestibule 
Perhaps it's best for you, to keep on walkin 
Heat from the noggin, keep on sparkin 
Platinum prezzie, Bezzie, stay sparklin 
Cop off the lot never see me at the auction 
Pint of Bacardi darken, when it's hawkin 
Out on the strip, until I reach the margin 
Not tryin to meet the Seargeant, at the precinct 
Eatin cheese sandwiches, down for the weekend 
Locked up with dirty white boys and Ricans 
 
 [Jadakiss] 
Now if I kill you I probably do ten in the box 
Come down on appeal then I'm killin your pops 
You feelin The LOX, nigga why you grillin The LOX 
If this rap shit don't work niggaz still in the spot 
You bring it to me, I gotta lose your family 
Gangstas don't die, they get chubby, and move to Miami 
Shit is deep now dog but it gets deeper 
Fuck it, the weather's nice and the price is much cheaper 
I put it on tape, you gon' buy it, I put it in a bag 
you gon' try it, y'all niggaz can't deny it 
Lot of cats still tryin to study my last bounce 
Tell you what, get a beat tape and a half ounce 
They got me where I can't be without my large gat 
Teflon long sleeve, and my hardhat 
Don't matter if I'm openin up, or headline 
Doin the speed limit or pushin red lines 
Six months in the county or fed time 
I'ma be the 'Kiss nigga, until it's bedtime 
Anything I'm on is a classic, any nigga 
ever had beef with, son is a bastard 
Anytime I spit, spit acid, L.O.X. 
Ruffryder you heard? We got the game mastered 
 
I told you the pain was comin 
You wouldn't listen 
You tried to play me like a joke? 
Now who got the last laugh? 
Now take these bullets with you to hell 
 
 [Sauce Money] 
You motherfuckers is sick, don't think Sauce the shit 
So many niggaz on my nuts I thought I lost my dick 
Picture me fallin off, I'm camera shy 
Hammers fly, might miss you, but your man'll die 
What's the difference? Either way I'm stunnin your crew 
I fuck to win, y'all niggaz comin to lose 
Somethin to prove? Spit it, we can have a sprayoff 
I lay off wet niggaz and kill em on my day off 
Ain't nuttin for me to bust a trey off 
Murder the whole month of April nigga, just to take May off 
Run with more Germans than Adolf, you light crews 
Now I concentrate on your camp, like Jews 
Flow hot like a heatwave bitch 
Whips fatter than them shits they beat slaves with 
I'm a meal stackin nigga who pull quick, still packin 
for you Phil Jackson niggaz on that Bull 
 
 [Styles] 
I don't give a FUCK who you are, so FUCK who you are 
I don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car 
I don't care about your block and whoever you shot 
I don't care about your album and whenever it drop 
I don't care about your past if I did I woulda asked 
I'm too busy lightin 'dro with a whole lotta hash 
Far as this rap shit, I'm ten steps ahead of niggaz 
Shootin backwards, just for practice 
Ride or die nigga, hoppin in your casket 
Bout to go to hell with you, blow the L with you 
Tell the whole world I'm spittin let em know the shells hit you 
I tell niggaz quick, suck dick and get a glock 
My name ring bells like Sunday at twelve o'clock 
I'm half past seven, bust six then eleven 
You know me, slide my man my joint say reload me 
I ruffryde and pop a fella for Roc-a-Fella 
Jay (what the fuck) spendin mozzarella 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I know pop you can't stand us cause you cock them hammers 
Run in your crib, no prisoners, pop your grandma 
Locked in the slammer? Nope, popped up in Atlanta 
Crossed up in a drop I popped up the antenna 
Whoa.. watch your manners when my veins pop like scanners 
Like raindrops you hear the thunder when I cock the cannon 
Big thang, big chains, ain't shit changed 
Get brained in the four dot six Range 
Shit main, switch lanes 
every town I hit, switch planes, bitch flipped big caine 
Flow with no cut, you take it in vain/vein to the brain 
Muh'fukas is noddin and throwin up, you know that 
You don't wanna owe that man 
He'll hit you, get the picture? Kodak man 
Gotta, love for war, I don't floss no more 
I just sit on my money til I'm above the law 
How the fuck you gonna stop us with your measly asses 
We don't stop at the tolls we got EZ passes, nigga 
Multiple cars and divas with D-classes 
Iceberg sweat with I.B. on the elastic 
Shit, beyotch! What the fuck, ya heard me? 
Put some more beat on that joint