("Never, never, never, never change") 
Ain't never changed, this is Jay every day 
("I never change!") 
I never change, this is Jay every day 
("I never change!") 
I never change, this is Jay 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I am a, Roc representer 
Hov', summer to winter, Hov', dead or alive 
Twenty-four/seven, three-sixty-five 
One CD or three-hundred and sixty pies 
Whassup to E and Kirk? Welcome home to Taj 
Let no amount of money ruin this thing of ours 
We run streets like drunks run street lights 
We collidin with life as we speak 
We knee deep in coke, we ki deep in ice 
We flood streets with dope, we keep weed to smoke 
We all fish, better teach your folk 
Give him money to eat, then next week he's broke 
Cause when you sleep, he's reachin for your throat 
Word on the skreet, you reap what you sew 
Not out of fear but love, love for the game 
Roc family first, we never change mayn 
 
 [Chorus] 
("Never, never, never, never change") 
I'm still fuckin with crime cause crime pays 
("I never change!") 
Out hustlin, same clothes for days 
("I never change!") 
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change 
Who you know like Hov'? 
("Never, never, never, never change") 
I'm still fuckin with crime cause crime pays 
("I never change!") 
Out hustlin, same clothes for days 
("I never change!") 
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I never change 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
What's up to my Miami and St. Thomas connects (whattup) 
I'll never mention your name, I promise respect 
Death before dishonor correct? - Yup 
That's what you promised me, since the (?)lee 
Along with, if we stay strong 
We can get paper longer than Pippen's arms 
Plead the fifth when it comes to the fam 
I'm like a dog - I never speak, but I understand 
Where my dogs at? Where my soldiers at war? 
Where your bars at? Whoa, gotta pause that - whoa 
Lost 92 bricks had to fall back 
Knocked a nigga off his feet, but I crawled back 
Had A-1 credit, got more crack 
From the first to the fifth, gave it all back 
If, I'm not a hustler what you call that? 
This is before rap, this is all fact 
I never change 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
What, the streets robbed me, wasn't educated properly 
Well fuck y'all, I needed money for Atari 
Was so young my big sis' still playin with Barbie 
Young brother, big city, eight million stories 
Old heads taught me, yung'un, walk softly 
Carry a big clip, that'll get niggaz off me 
Keep coke in coffee, keep money smellin mothy 
Change is cool to cop but more important is lawyer fees 
(Uhh) That's how it is now (uhh) that's how it always be 
(Uhh) I never change, this is always me 
From the womb to the tomb, from now until my doom 
Drink army from one cup pass it around the room (That's a family nigga) 
That's the ritual (yup) Big Ran, I ain't forget you fool 
And all that bullshit you tryin to get through 
This is crew love, move music or move drugs 
Rival crews get your black suits up - I never change 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
This is Jay, everyday 
Who you know like Hov', nigga?