[Jay-Z] 
Turn my music high, high, high, high-er 
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.." 
Sure I do.. 
 
I'm from the streets where the 
hood could swallow a man, bullets'll follow a man 
There's so much coke that you could run the slalom 
And cops comb the shit top to bottom 
They say that we are prone to violence, but it's home sweet home 
Where personalities crash and chrome meets chrome 
The coke prices up and down like it's Wall Street homes 
But this is worse than the Dow Jones your brains are now blown 
all over that brown Brougham, one slip you are now gone 
Welcome to hell where you are welcome to sell 
But when them shells come you better return 'em 
All scars we earn 'em, all cars we learn 'em like the back of our hand 
We watch for cops hoppin out the back of van 
Wear a G on my chest, I don't need that for damn 
This ain't a sewn outfit homes, homes is about it 
Was clappin them flamers before I became famous 
For playin me y'all shall forever remain nameless 
I am Hov' 
 
Sure I do, I tell you the difference between me and them 
They tryin to get they ones, I'm tryin to get them M's 
One million, two million, three million, four 
In just five years, forty million more 
You are now lookin at the forty million boy 
I'm rapin Def Jam 'til I'm the hundred million man 
R., O., C. 
 
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.." 
That's where you're wrong 
 
I came into this motherfucker a hundred grand strong 
Nine to be exact, from grindin G-packs 
Put this shit in motion ain't no rewindin me back 
Could make 40 off a brick but one rhyme could beat that 
And if somebody woulda told 'em that Hov' would sell clothin 
Heh, not in this lifetime, wasn't in my right mind 
That's another difference that's between me and them 
Heh, I'm smarten up, open the market up 
One million, two million, three million, four 
In eighteen months, eighty million more 
Now add that number up with the one I said before 
You are now lookin at one smart black boy 
Momma ain't raised no fool 
Put me anywhere on God's green earth, I'll triple my worth 
Motherfucker - I, will, not, lose 
 
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.." 
Put somethin on it 
 
I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in hell 
I am a hustler baby, I'll sell water to a well 
I was born to get cake, move on and switch states 
Cop the Coupe with the roof gone and switch plates 
Was born to dictate, never follow orders 
Dickface, get your shit straight, fucka this is Big Jay 
I.. hahahaha.. 
 
"You don't know.. what you're doing, doing, doing, doing.." 
.. will, not, lose, ever.. FUCKA!