[unknown singing] 
That old fashioned word.. it's a word called LOVE! 
Called looooove, called looo-oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo-ove 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Oh! This must be the way the nigga 'Pac felt when he made 
"Me Against the World," "All Eyez on Me" 
Y'all niggaz got me feelin like all eyes on me, me against the world 
Mmm, y'all got me on my shit 
Thought niggaz would appreciate what I did to this game 
Bein that, I'm flesh of your flesh, blood of your blood 
Come from the same hood you come from 
We share basically the same stories 
Thought niggaz would appreciate what I came and did 
since ninety-six, every year 
Somethin must be seriously wrong with the world 
I know y'all ain't hatin 
 
(Some people hate!) Don't tell me niggaz is hatin 
(Some people hate!) Nah.. you know what I think? 
(Some people hate!) I think.. 
(I think they've lost their minds) Think y'all lost your mind 
Y'all got me on my shit 
 
Raw rough and rugged, when addressin the mass public 
My attitude is fuck it cause motherfuckers love it 
Got a, chip on my shoulder the size of the Golden Nugget in Vegas 
And fuck bein famous, I came to get the butters 
I came from the gutter, my success in this game 
is sort of like "Pro-jectic Justice," a payment for brushes 
with police officers, a peace offering 
From the Gods for the streets I was tossed in 
'Til I'm deceased in a coffin 
I'ma be a beast on these beats, releasin early and often 
Please, your disdain for the brothers ain't gon' change the numbers 
It's the strengthenin of chain among us 
Please, we ain't afraid of none of yas, who want it with us? 
Ain't nuttin changed since the ninety-six summers, c'mon 
 
(Some people hate!) Jeah, uh, yeah 
(Some people hate!) Uh, uhh, uhh 
(Some people hate!) Yeah.. you know what I think? 
(I think they've lost their minds) They say success breeds envy 
 
I guess it's just the penalty of leadership 
I guess I'm what niggaz wanna be and shit 
Or niggaz just bored, wanna be in shit 
'Fore they get to rappin, start believin it 
Think they Ali and shit 
I roll with the punches so I survive 
I bob and weave, move my feet from side to side 
I'm back, stronger than ever, surprise surprise 
They try to take me out the game, but I's alive 
It's like a old negro spiritual, but I mastered Tobey 
With a splash of Monster Kody, shoot faster than Kobe, nigga 
You bastards know me, the one and only 
Big homey from the Roc, I think you pastors lonely 
You need Jesus in your life.. it's either that 
or y'all gon' make me put the double Desert Eagles in your life, nigga! 
 
(Some people hate!) I know niggaz are hatin man, let me find out 
(Some people hate!) 
Jealousy's a weak emotion, y'all gotta overcome that man 
(Some people kill their brothers) 
C'mon man be stronger than that.. you know what I think? 
(I think they've lost their minds) You'll be aight though 
 
Au contraire nigga, I am here cause I earned the shit 
By ridin out, when niggaz had learner's permit 
We bring the knives out, or we let them burners spit 
I bring them pies out if niggaz wanna burn the strip 
Bring your rides out, bring your buggy eyes out, turn your 6 
I laid back in the Maybach 
Nigga this the payback, I know you bitch niggaz from way back 
Niggaz wanna clown but the pound it don't play dat 
Get yourself found, drowned, where the lake at 
Run up on 'em +Notoriously+, "Take that!" (take that) 
And then we comin where your wake at 
Eight maniac cats strapped with gats, you can hate that 
Face facts, fake rap cats 
can't take back what I took back to the Brook', look 
 
(Some people hate!) 
(Some people hate!) 
(Some people kill their brothers) 
(I think they've lost their minds) 
(And I'm hung up.. ohh..)