[Chorus: J. Cole (Jay-Z)] 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
 
 [Verse One: Jay-Z] 
I seen Mase do it, I seen 'Ye do it 
X came through, caught lighter fluid 
Still I came through it, clap for 'em 
But I'm the blueprint, I'm like the map for 'em 
I dropped another classic, made Puff pass it, 
Nobody could touch Puff back when Puff had it 
Wayne scorchin, I'll applaud him 
If he keep goin, pass the torch to him 
50 came through, like hurricanes do 
I thought I finished his ass at Summerjam Two 
I had the Illmatic, on bootleg 
The shit was so ahead, thought we was all dead 
Wayne did a milli, 50 did a milli 
'Ye too but what Em did was silly 
The white boy blossomed after Dre endorsed him 
His flow on "Renegade," fuckin awesome, applaud him 
 
 [Chorus: J. Cole (Jay-Z)] 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
 
 [Verse Two: Jay-Z] 
Hey, Snoop Dogg did, Nelly came down 
Facemob kept the ghetto for the H-Town 
Luda moved digits after he moved bitches 
Drake's up next, see what he do wit it 
Rule had a run, couple movie parts 
T.I. literally wanted to shoot up the charts 
Waddup Jeezy? What it do 
Ya remind me of us in early '92 
OutKast landed, 3 Thou' was ill 
Like a male version, of Lauryn Hill 
Mobb Deep (Shook) it, but Prodigy took it 
a lil' too far, can't fuck wit Brooklyn 
Wu-Tang gangbanged it, Meth ate 
Rae took on the date with the Purp' Tape 
Passed on to Ason and then Ghostface 
They had a hell of a run, standing ova- aaaaaaaay! 
 
 [Chorus: J. Cole (Jay-Z)] 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
 
 [Verse Three: Jay-Z] 
And I am one, of one 
Can't you see just how long my run? 
My rain knew {?} sun-shine 
Been a star since I was back in one, time 
One time give it up for him 
December 4th, a star was born 
Clap for him, he went from movin that corner 
to, this corner office, so enormous 
Heeeeeeeey! Pres Carter 
Watchin her get her Monica on all day 
Heeeeeeeey! 
...Got so many different Monicas, but only one Jay 
They come, they go 
Some real, some faux 
Some friends, some hoes 
But no I, goes nowhere, it's Hov 
 
 [Chorus: J. Cole (Jay-Z)] 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
Everyday a star is born!!!! 
(Clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, clap for 'em, HEY!!!!) 
 
 [Verse Four: J. Cole] 
And could I be a star? 
Does fame in this game have to change who you are? 
Or could I be the same one who came from a far away life 
Just to make it in this broadway lights 
Now I'm shinin in the broad, day-light - go figure 
A slow transition from a lil' broke nigga from the 'Ville 
Got a deal, a real life saver 
Dreams of being behind the wheel like, Jada 
I chill now, cop a lil' ice later 
Cole, you got a glow like a lil' Lightsaber 
So, clap for him, then applaud Hov 
He gave 'em a platform 
Flow so sick thought he wrote the rap for him - no sir 
The flow cold as a shoulder of a gold diggin hoes 
When a broke nigga 'proaches 
Told ya I'm focused man, I'll let you muh'fuckers soak it in 
Clap for him