[Jay-Z] 
I remove your roof nigga let the sun shine in 
Thirty-eight waist, enough to put one nine in 
Really a thirty-six without the gun I'm thin 
but when the gat is tucked, I'm fat as fuck 
Ignorant bastard, I'm takin it back to day one 
No kids, but trust me I know how to raise a gun 
For niggaz that think I spend my days in the sun 
well here's the shock of your life, the glock not the mic 
Homey I'm not into hype; trust me, I'm still street 
You still fuckin up then trust me I still creep 
Yeah I know the platinum chain be lookin real sweet 
but reach and I bury niggaz sixty feet deep 
S dot Carter turn rappers into martyrs 
Seperate fathers from they daughters, why bother 
I'm a crook like you, I took like you 
I disobeyed the law threw out the book like you 
How dare you look at Jigga like I'm shook like boo 
I keep the fifth with me nigga, come and get me.. 
 
COME AND GET ME! 
 [gong sounds] Ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-come.. 
 [bell rings] COME AND GET ME! Ka-ka-ka-COME AND GET ME! .. 
 [bell rings] COME AND GET ME! Ka-ka-ka.. 
 [bell rings] .. Ka-ka-ka-ka-come 
 [bell rings] .. come and get me COME AND GET ME 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Don't know what y'all niggaz is 
tryin to do but I don't like it 
Yeah, straight gangster shit 
Heyyyy, uh-huh-uh-uhh gangster shit 
Uhh, straight gangster nigga 
Roc.. 
 
Yo, your summer's bout to get hot 
Niggaz home from jail and they plottin 
Heard about the watch, the Bentley hard-top 
The Continental T, got em resentin me 
God I work hard, please don't envy me 
I paid the cost to be the boss to floss this hard 
I can recall a year ago I almost lost this job 
All y'all remember is the part about me parkin the hog 
What about all them days I was walkin my dogs? 
Barkin at broads, but they never hollered back 
And if they did all they said was, "Where dem dollaz at?" 
Imagine, bein skinny growin up around broader cats 
The quiet assassin demeanor of them college cats 
until I got a gat and loudly start poppin back 
Round the way, niggaz called me Bobby Bouchete 
Now all I hear is whispers of what you gon' do to Jay 
How y'all gon' stick me up, take my jewels away 
Pull out your gat, car jack me take my cruise away 
Well I got news for y'all fools today, hey.. 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z] 
I got, shots to give come and get me nigga 
Y'all wanna rob the kid? Come and get me nigga 
I won't, part with this come and get me nigga 
I worked, hard for this come and get me nigga 
I got, shots to give, COME AND GET ME.. 
COME AND GET ME.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I made it so, you could say Marcy and it was all good 
I ain't crossover I brought the suburbs to the hood 
Made em relate to your struggle, told em bout your hustle 
Went on MTV with do-rags, I made them love you 
You know normally them people wouldn't be fuckin witchu 
Til I made em understand why you do what you do 
I expected to hear, "Jay, if it wasn't for you.." 
But instead, all I hear is buzzin in your crew 
How y'all scheamin, tryin to get accustomed to my moves 
So y'all could tape my mouth, stake out my house 
But I got pride I'm a nigga first 
I gotta cock back and pull the trigger first 
That's how Jigga work 
The funny thing; I represent y'all everytime I spit a verse 
and that's the shit that hurts 
But hey, I got my mind right, got my nine right here 
So when y'all feel that the time is right.. 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Aiy yo yo, aiy yo yo 
It's only fair that I warn ya, rap's my new hustle 
I'm treatin it like the corner, fuck with me if you wanna 
My game change but my mindframe remains the same 
I gotta protect what's mine 
Shit I started from nothin; zero, zip 
I made my way hustlin, I don't owe niggaz shit 
I'm paranoid now, so I keep the gun gripped 
Cats I played skelly with? Niggaz done flipped 
I keep a banger in the ankle, one in the hip 
Two in the stash, one come up when I shift 
I keep one under the chair where I sit 
I even got a gun in the hair in the bun of my bitch 
Ask Big; everytime he'd come to my crib 
he'd find another gun that I hid 
I'm ready to make this one of the, hottest summer there is 
Everyday like a hundred-and-six.. shit.. 
 
 [Chorus 2X] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Motherfuckers!