[Jay-Z] 
Is he a Blood, is he Crip? 
Is he that, is he this? 
Did he do it? Y'know, ehh 
Look.. 
 
If I shoot you, I'm brainless 
Different toilet, same shit, and I'm sick of explainin this 
I'm waitin on arraignment, my nigga is the plantiff 
Yeah, I know what you thinkin - fucked up ain't it? 
I shoulda known better, and I planned to 
but dog they be takin me out of my zone like a nigga with a handle 
I sat back and watched it, put the gats back in the closet 
I tried to tie my hands like an Iraqi hostage 
Let niggaz take shots at me, no response 
I just - flip and, pop my collar like the Fonz 
You give a nigga a foot he'll take you one step beyond 
He'll try to play you twice, the third time is the charm 
You wanna conversate with the writer of the Qu'ran 
or Old Testament, don't test him then 
I know what y'all thinkin dick, pause 
Your future's my past, I've been here before 
I know when you're schemin, I feel when you plottin 
I got, mental vision, intuition 
I know where you goin I read your mind's navigational system 
Everybody whisperin - pst pst pst ss perspirin 
 
 [Chorus] 
When the, streets is talkin, niggaz is gossipin 
Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it? 
I need to know.. geah geah 
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
You see me with a bodyguard that means police is watchin 
And I only use his waist to keep my glock in 
But when shit goes down you know who's doin the poppin 
And if you don't know, guess who's doin the droppin 
S dot again, y'all got him in a bad mood 
Bad move; that's bad news 
How many times have I got to prove? 
How many loved ones have you got to lose 
before you realize that it's probably true? 
Whatever Jigga say, Jigga probably do 
Shit I paid my dues, I made the news 
I came in the door for dolo, blazed the crews 
And the streets say Jigga can't go back home 
You know when I heard that? When I was back home 
I'm comfortable dog, Brooklyn to Rome 
On any Martin Luther, don't part with your future 
Don't ever question if I got the heart to shoot ya 
The answer is simply too dark for the user 
And as a snot-nose they said that he got flows 
But will he be able to drop those before the cops close in? 
'Fore the shots froze him, and he's dead and gone 
from what the block has spoken, my God 
Everybody stressin, who's his baby's moms? 
Who he got pregnant, let me tell you, ahh... 
 
 [Chorus] 
When the, streets is talkin, niggaz is gossipin 
Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it? 
I need to know.. chicka-uh-ah, ah-chk-ah-uh-ah 
Chicka-ch-ah, chk-ah-ah-ah 
When the, streets is talkin, niggaz is gossipin 
Bitches all in your shit, what's the cause of it? 
I need to know.. gi-gi-gi, geah yeah uh, yeah yeah uh 
Yeah, yo, yo 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I seen my first murder in the hall, if you must know 
I lost my pops when I was eleven mmm twelve years old 
He's probably somewhere where the liquor is takin it's toll 
but I ain't mad at you dad, holla at your lad 
I grew up pushin snowflake to niggaz that was pro-base 
The stress'll take a young nigga, give him a old face 
All I did was smoke joke, think and drink 
Copped 'caine and complained, front row watch game 
I seen niggaz before me, with a chance to write they own script 
slip up and change the story 
I seen young niggaz go out in a blaze of glory 
before reachin puberty, scared a nigga truthfully 
I took trips with so much shit in the whip 
that if the cops pulled us over the dog'd get sick, SNIFF 
Smell me nigga? The real me nigga, minus the rumors 
Holla if you feel me nigga 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
The streets is not only watchin but they talkin now? 
Shit they got me circlin the block before I'm parkin now 
Don't get it twisted, I ain't bitchin, I'm just cautious now 
So, under the park the extra cartridge now 
Hit his click Sig' up you fell at it you're dense 
I get word to the street like Bell Atlantic express 
I feel the vibes and I hear the rumors 
But fuck it, I'm still alive and I'm still ?? ?? Allah 
Niggaz wanna press me, put my back to the wall 
But pressure bust pipes I know, I spat it to y'all 
To know me is to love me, you see me, can't be me, hate this 
Fuck you I got guns like Neo in +Matrix+ 
Cross the Family, think Mac's sweet like payroll 
or soft like Play-Doh get knocked off like Fredo 
Corleone, they find you with a hole in your dome 
I roll with niggaz that'll follow you and go to your home 
Thought you ball, but nigga you fall to my defense 
Catch you while you reachin, clip you then I cross you then I'm leavin 
Apply full court pressure 
like four-four ?? get you out of here, pull pressure 
to the trigger, bullets fly in three's 
You forever rest under bullshit, dirt lies and leaves 
I do bullshit, dirt, tell lies then leave 
Look in my eyes, realize it's Beans 
Niggaz wanna despise the team; till I play head coach 
and straight up, divide they team 
Trade they man for some pies and a couple of things 
Til the bullet.. ah, motherfuckers!! Yeah..