Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind 
 
 [Chorus] 
Now can I get an encore, do you want more 
Cookin raw with the Brooklyn boy 
So for one last time I need y'all to roar 
 
Now what the hell are you waitin for 
After me, there shall be no more 
So for one last time, nigga make some noise 
 
 [Verse One] 
Who you know fresher than Hov'? Riddle me that 
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at 
Can't none of y'all mirror me back 
Yeah hearin me rap is like hearin G. Rap in his prime 
I'm, young H.O., rap's Grateful Dead 
Back to take over the globe, now break bread 
I'm in, Boeing jets, Global Express 
Out the country but the blueberry still connect 
On the low but the yacht got a triple deck 
But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep 
Grand openin, grand closin 
God damn your man Hov' cracked the can open again 
Who you gon' find doper than him with no pen 
just draw off inspiration 
Soon you gon' see you can't replace him 
with cheap imitations for DESE GENERATIONS 
 
 [Chorus - 1/2] 
 
{What the hell are you waiting forrrr?} 
 
 [Verse Two] 
 [sighs] Look what you made me do, look what I made for you 
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you 
When you first come in the game, they try to play you 
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you 
From Marcy to Madison Square 
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yea) 
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears 
to be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye 
When I come back like Jordan, wearin the 4-5 
It ain't to play games witchu 
It's to aim at you, probably maim you 
If I owe you I'm blowin you to smithereeens 
Cocksucker take one for your team 
And I need you to remember one thing (one thing) 
I came, I saw, I conquered 
From record sales, to sold out concerts 
So muh'fucker if you want this encore 
I need you to scream, 'til your lungs get sore 
 
 [Interlude] 
OWWWW! It's star time 
This man is MADE! He's KILLIN all y'all jive turkeys 
Do y'all want more of the Jigga man? 
Well if y'all want more of the Jigga man 
Then I need y'all to help me, bring him back to stage 
Say Hova, c'mon say it! 
HO-VA! HO-VA! Are y'all out there? [crowd chants "HO-VA! HO-VA!"] 
Are y'all out there? C'mon, louder! 
Yeah, now see that's what I'm talkin bout 
They love you Jigga - they love you Jigga! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I like the way this one feel 
It's so muh'fuckin soulful man! 
(Whoaaaaaahhhh, whoahhhhhhhhhhhhh, whoahhhhhhhhhhhhh) 
Yeah [crowd still chanting] okay 
 
 [Verse Three] 
So this here is the victory lap 
Then I'm lea-vin, that's how you get me back 
After a year of them 16's, it's one point two 
And that's two point four, and I'm only doin two 
You wanted to gain attention new dudes 
I can get you BET and TRL too 
You wanna be in the public, send your budget 
Well fuck it, I ain't budgin! 
Young did it to death, you gotta love it 
Record companies told me I couldn't cut it 
Now look at me, all star-studded 
Golfer above par like I putted 
All cause the shit I uttered, was utterly ridiculous 
How sick is this? 
You want to bang, send Kanye change, send Just some dust 
Send Hip a grip, then you got' spit 
A little somethin like this, WOO! 
 
{What the hell are you waiting forrrr?} 
 [piano plays out as crowd cheers loudly]