[Jay-Z] 
(J) uhh (A) uh-uh (Y) uh uh-uh 
Ah ch-ch ah, ch-ah, ah uh-uh 
Ah ch-ch ah, ch-ah, ah uh-uh 
It's that hop I'm talkin bout right here Timbo! 
 
I can't be stopped when it hop like this family, uhh! 
(Uno, dos, tres, cuatro!) 
 
They say hola' hovito 
That's what they sayin when I roll up with my people 
My music bangin like - them vatos locos got rap in a chokehold 
And I won't surrender it with, beats by Timbaland 
Calle de la boca, my baby 
All I wanna, do is, stroke ya all crazy 
My, dick game is vicious, insane at bitches 
Mami keep comin back cause mami came vicious 
Catch Hov' in the drop, nasty thang lane switchin 
Once you turn your neck for a sec your dame's missin 
Bujando, bujando, the cops is comin 
Got that rap patrol behind yo, get to runnin 
I'm unstoppable Hov', untoppable flows 
I'm the compadre, the Sinatra of my day 
Ol' Blue Eyes my nigga, I did it my way 
If y'all not rollin with Hov' then hit the highway 
 
 [Chorus] 
(Hola' hovito!) Yeah, yeah (Hola' hovito!) 
Yeah that's what they sayin when that music get to bangin 
Put it down for my PEO-PLE! 
(Hola' hovito! Hola' hovito!) 
Yeah that's what they sayin when that music get to bangin 
Put it down for my PEO-PLE! 
 
 [an extra "yeah" before the 5th line first time, 2nd line second, and the 5th line the third time] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah, yeah, yeah 
Yeah naw I don't fuck around, stay on my J.O. 
Hov' been about that dough since I was a day old 
Oh, push perrico if I need to for the rule of evil 
Was born in the belly that's the way the streets breed you 
One life to live - notice you get no sequel 
So I truly got to live this like my last movie 
Six oohie, jewels drippin, big toolie 
I ball for real, y'all niggaz is Sam Bouie 
And with the third pick - I made the earth sick 
M.J., hem Jay, fade away perfect 
I rhyme sicker than every rhyme spitter 
Every crime nigga that rhyme or touch a mic because my mind's quicker 
I'm a eighty-eighter, nine-six to "Reasonable Doubt" 
Temper short, don't take much to squeeze you out 
Yeah you shinin but the only thing you're leavin out 
You're a candle in the sun - that shit don't even out 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Hold up; naw muh'fuckers - y'all muh'fuckers 
better run to the post office and get a job muh'fuckers 
A starve muh'fuckers, cause Jay's been the only one 
eatin thus far sub-par muh'fuckers 
Naw even though y'all hate I love y'all muh'fuckers 
"Friend or Foe," y'all all my muh'fuckers 
If you haven't heard, I'm Michael Magic and Bird 
all rolled in one - cause none got more flows than Young 
Plus got more flows to come 
And if I ain't better than Big, I'm the closest one 
So move over - hoes, choose Hova 
My food for though so hot it give you dudes ulcers 
Rovers, roasters, poseurs 
gettin it in with me, livin like they supposed tah 
Watches, chain, front row at the game 
Sold out arena, all screamin my name, c'mon 
 
 [Chorus]