Uhh, this feel right right here Quik 
It's like it's 'sposed to happen this one right here 
Young! God damn.. 
.. let me justify my thug on this one right here 
 
 [Verse One: Jay-Z] 
It goes one o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock rock 
Five six seven o'clock, eight o'clock rock 
Eleven o'clock, twelve o'clock, the party bout to pop 
Then - Roc-A-Fella y'all, it's your boy S. Dot 
And I ain't never been to jail; I ain't never pay a nigga 
to do no dirt for me I was scared to do myself 
I will never tell even if it means sittin in a cell 
I ain't never ran, never will 
I ain't never been smacked; a nigga better keep his hands 
to himself or get clapped for what's under that man's belt 
I never asked for nothin I don't demand of myself 
Honesty, loyalty, friends and then wealth 
Death before dishonor and I tell you what else 
I tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help 
Foolish pride is what held me together through the years 
I wasn't felt which is why I ain't never played myself 
I just play the hand I'm dealt, I can't say I've never knelt 
before God and asked for better cards at times to no avail 
But I never sat back feelin sorry for myself 
If you don't give me heaven I'll raise hell 
'Til it's heaven 
 
 [Chorus - imitating Madonna] 
Justify my thug! 
"For you!" - [Run-D.M.C.] 
My thug.. (hoping..) 
My thug.. (praying..) for you 
to justify my thug! 
My thug.. (hoping..) 
My thug.. (praying..) for you.. 
"For you! Fresh" - [Run-D.M.C.] 
 
 [Verse Two: Jay-Z] 
Now if you shoot my dog, I'ma kill yo' cat 
Just the unwritten laws in rap - know dat 
For every action there's a reaction, don't have me relapsin 
Relaxin's what I'm about, but about mine 
Don't be actin like you can't see street action 
Take me back to +Reasonable Doubt+ time 
You see my mind's on the finish line, facin the wreck 
I put my muh'fuckin faith in the tec, tell Satan not yet 
You understand I am chasin my breath 
I am narrowly escapin my death, oh yes 
I am the Michael Schumacher of the Roc roster 
Travellin Mach 5, barrelin, my power can stop God 
God forgive me but I can't let them deliver me to you 
Until, I won this race, then eventually 
My engine gon' burn out, I get whatever is meant for me 
However it turns out fine - red line! 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Verse Three: Jay-Z] 
They say an eye for an eye, we both lose our sight 
And two wrongs don't make a right 
But when you been wrong and you know all along that it's just one life 
At what point does one fight? (Good question right!) 
'Fore you knock the war, try to put your dogs in it 
Ten-and-a-halfs, for a minute-and-a-half 
Bet that stops all the grinnin and the laughs 
When you play the game of life and the win ain't in the bag 
When your options is none and the pen is all you have 
or the block, niggaz standin tight, there's limits on the ave 
Tryin to cop or shot-call theyself cleansin in the cash 
But can't put they name on paper cause, then you on blast 
Mr. President, there's drugs in our residence 
Tell me what you want me to do, come break bread with us 
Mr. Governor, I swear there's a cover up 
Every other corner there's a liquor store - fuck is up? 
 
 [Chorus]