Yeah, hah, yeah Roc-A-Fella 
We invite you to, somethin epic y'all know? 
Well we hustle out of a sense of, hopelessness 
Sort of a desperation 
Through that desperation, we 'come addicted 
Sorta like the fiends we accustomed to servin 
But we feel we have nothin to lose 
so we offer you, well, we offer our lives, right 
What do you bring to the table? 
 
While I'm watchin every nigga watchin me closely 
my shit is butter for the bread they wanna toast me 
I keep my head, both of them where they supposed to be 
Hoes'll get you sidetracked then clap from closed feet 
I don't sleep, I'm tired, I feel wired like codeine, these days 
a brother gotta admire from four fiends away 
My pain wish it was quick to see, from sellin 'caine 
til brains was fried to a fricaisse, can't lie 
At the time it never bothered me, at the bar 
gettin my thug on properly, my squad and me 
lack of respect for authority, laughin hard 
Happy to be escapin poverty, however brief 
I know this game got valleys and peaks, expectation 
for dips, four percent pertation we stack chips, hardly 
The youth I used to be, soon to see a mill'in 
No more, Big Willie my game has grown prefer you call me William 
Illin for revenues, Rayful Edmonds like 
Channel 7 news, round seven jewels, hand gettin the mic 
Forgettin all I ever knew, convenient amnesia 
I suggest you call my lawyer, I know the procedure 
Lock my body can't trap my mind, easily 
explain why we adapt to crime 
I'd rather die enormous than live dormant that's how we on it 
Live at the main event, I bet a trip to Maui on it 
Presidential suites my resedential for the weekend 
Confidentially speakin in codes since I sense you peekin 
The NSX rental, don't be fooled my game is mental 
We both out of town dog, what you tryin to get into? 
Viva, Las Vegas, see ya, later at the crap tables 
meet me by the one that starts a G up 
This way no fraud Willie's present gambling they re-up 
And we can have a pleasant time, sippin margaritas 
Ge-ge-geyeahhh, can I live? 
Can I live? 
 
My mind is infested, with sick thoughts that circle 
like a Lexus, if driven wrong it's sure to hurt you 
Dual level like duplexes, in unity, my crew and me 
commit atrocities like we got immunity 
You guessed it, manifest it in tangible goods 
Platinum Rolexed it, we don't lease 
we buy the whole care, as you should 
My confederation, dead a nation, EXPLODE 
on detonation, overload the mind of a said patient 
When it balls to steam, it comes to it 
we all fiends gotta do it, even righteous minds go through this 
True this, history school us to spend our money foolish 
Bond with jewellers and, watch for intruders 
I stepped it up another level, meditated like a buddhist 
Recruited lieutenants with ludicrous, dreams of 
gettin cream let's do this, it gets tedious 
So I keep one eye open like, C-B-S, ya see me 
stressed right? Can I live? 
Can I live? 
Can I live? 
Can I live? 
Ha-hah, Roc-A-Fella y'all