[Beanie Sigel] 
Damn how am I gonna say this shit? 
hey... hey dad, yeah it's your boy 
remember me? I wanna talk to you scrap 
 
I remember being kicked out the house 
'cause I looked just like you 
Said I'd be nothing but a crook 
just like you 
The niggaz in the hood was shook 
Where the just like you 
'Cause all they said was little whitey look 
I'm just like you 
But dog I can't see it at all, shit 
We never kicked it at all 
We never pitched or kicked at a ball 
dog, you never taught me shit 
how to fight, ride a bike, fix a flat 
none of that sorts of shit 
Nigga you was an abusive pops 
fuck you left me out to dry, stuck 
gotta teach news to box 
gotta teach news to bop 
and that aint the half of it man 
I gotta teach news to block 
It's about time we have a father to son (nigga sit down) 
sit down let me tell you 'bout your fatherless sons 
how they grew to be men and father they sons 
father they daughters 
nigga, you left a fatherless daughter 
I never follow your orders 
nigga you make me sick 
pussy you could....ooh 
how you gonna leave these memories in the back of my mind 
I can see it clear as day you smackin my mom 
I 'member that day you showed me that gat, that 9 
put it in my palm when I was young 
and said that would be mine, you turned me out 
the reason why I hit the block 
reason why I tried to hit them cops 
reason why I started hittin shots 
reason why I started gettin licked 
and drinkin syrup and skippin court 
ginger bread man never think of gettin caught 
look at your hand man damn you fought 
nigga you left my mom 
left us with no good-bye's 
you left us out to dry 
you left us with no letters, notes, (nothing!) no replies 
no digits numbers was unlisted 
you left us with some of my loneliest night 
nigga some of my hungriest nights 
shit, one of the reasons for years (shit embarrasin) 
damn we used to think money was white 
yeah you gave us life like, fruit from a plant 
we aint eat right from them foods from them stamps 
and to think you was my pop, 
man i gotta stop shit 
 
 [CHORUS] 
 [Female:] Daddy, Where Have You Been? 
 [Beanie:] And when you come home, you got us here all alone 
 [Female:] Mommy, Where Daddy Went? 
 [Beanie:] You always stick up for him 
Always said you'd make up for him 
 [Female:] Mommy, What Happened Then? 
 [Beanie:] What was you cheatin on him? 
Why he's always beatin' on you? 
 [Female:] Daddy, Where Have You Been? 
 [Beanie:] Nigga, you gonna hear me out 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I wanted to walk just like him (remember?) 
wanted to talk just like him (word) 
often momma said I look too much 
and I thought just like him (it could happen) 
wanted to drink Miller nips 
and smoke Newports just like you 
but you left me, now I'm goin to court just like you 
I would say "my daddy loves me and he'll never go away" 
bullshit, do you even remember December's my birthday? 
do you even remember the tender boy 
you turned into a cold young man 
with one goal and one plan 
get mommy out of some jam, she was always in one 
always short with the income 
always late with the rent 
You said that you was comin through 
I would stay in the hallway (waitin) 
always playin the bench (waitin) 
and that day came and went 
Fuck You! very much you showed me the worst kind of pain 
but I'm stronger and trust me I will never hurt again 
will never ask mommy "why daddy don't love me? 
Why is we so poor?, why is life so ugly? 
Mommy why is your eyes puffy?" 
please don't cry everything'll be alright 
I know it's dark now, but we gon' see the light 
It's us against the world 
we don't need him, right? (right) 
mommy drivin 6's now (yeah), I got riches now (yeah) 
I bought I nice home for both of my sisters now 
we doin real good 
we don't miss you now 
see how life twists around, fucker? 
 
 [CHORUS] 
 
 [fade out... sound of staticky LP turning]