How can you fairly assess something from the outside looking in? 
There's gotta be them times you'll be wrong. Nah Mean? 
How can a mother fucka go round and hate a nigga 
he never even met that he dont even know and shit? 
I think this rap shit is all beef 
 
Y'all dont even know every day I'm livin with stress 
Got up out the streets you think a nigga could rest 
Can't even enjoy myself at a party unless 
I'm on the dance floor hot ass vest 
You think I'm freakin' these chicks right? 
I'try not to brush against they chest 
You get a lawsuit for shit like that, I feel trapped 
Swear to everything when I leave this earth 
It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in the dirt 
You could try me fucka but when I squeeze it hurts, fine 
We'll lose two lives, yours and mines 
Gimme any amount of time dont let Ms. Carter grieve 
at the funeral parlor drippin' tears on my sleeve 
Told the judge didn't budge it was him or me 
and I ain't trying to be hard but I'm guilty as charged 
Put my mercy on this court and my faith in God 
And pray hard none of my nephews wanna be stars...Lucky Me 
 
 [Chorus: Karen Anderson] 
You only know what you see, 
You dont understand what it takes to be me. 
 
I hate all girls with alterior motives 
That's why I'm twenty plus years old, no sons no daughters 
Hate putting my life in the hands of fake promoters 
Hear the hate in my voice right? I hate that you noticed 
Niggas wanna strip to the bone for shit you own 
Hate a nigga like that faggot, get your own 
Hate that I can't roam the street without the clip and chrome 
Knowing one day Im'a have to flip, c'mon 
You know the shit don't stop 'til the Crist don't pop 
And you have to kill a nigga and your wrist don't lock 
I'm trapped the whole worlds against me in fact, 
It aint no turning back. Bring It On 
Hate the price of fame cause it cost too much 
Can I live without y'all niggas saying I floss too much? 
Hate the way you make this hate flow all through us 
Steady looking for flaws through us.... Lucky Me 
 
 [Chorus: Karen Anderson, Jay-Z] 
You only know what you see, 
You dont understand what it takes to be me 
You only know what you see, 
(Since I was 4 years old, I been told, everything that glitters ain't gold) 
You dont understand what it takes to be me 
(And now that I've arrived 
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in this world so cold) 
 
Nigga see you in the street, pretend to be friendly 
But I know any type of success breeds envy 
I know in the back of your mind your conjuring ways to hen me 
Leave my friends in a circle pouring out Henny 
But G's is heaven bound so how I'm gon' receive 
Anything y'all pour to the ground next time throw it up 
And ain't nothing changed so even in my afterlife I show it up 
Dont grieve for me my art remains 
like a dart from the speaker to your heart 
Spiritually through the portal now my words as a mortal 
Plan to leave without a fight I plant a seed I give life 
Though I can't see past the girls greed to call her wife 
Next time your thinking heist better be precise 
Cause I'm fully prepared. One of us is gon' leave here 
I have no regrets even though I wanna see grow 
My godsons Boogie, Sonny and Rimo 
 
 [Chorus x4]