[Jay-Z] 
Uh-huh uhh, uhh, uh-uhh 
Uh-huh uhh, uhh, uhh 
Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! 
I, am, back, niggaz 
Ha ha ha ha ha.. uh-oh, uh-oh - whoo! 
Ladies and gentlemen.. H, to the Izzo 
I wanna thank everybody out there for they purchase 
I surely appreciate it - whoo! 
What you about to witness is my thoughts 
Just my thoughts man - right or wrong 
Just what I was feeling at the time, uhh 
You ever felt like this, you vibe with me 
Walk with a nigga man - just vibe with me 
 
Yo, gather round hustlers that's if you still livin 
And get on down, to that ol' Jig rhythm 
Here's a couple of jewels to help you get through your bid in prison 
A ribbon in the sky, keep your head high 
I, Young 'Vito, voice of the young people 
Mouthpiece for hustlers I'm back motherfuckers 
Your reign on the top was shorter than leprechauns 
Y'all can't fuck with Hov', what type of X y'all on? 
I got great lawyers for cops so dress warm 
Charges don't stick to dude he's teflon 
I'm too sexy for jail like I'm Right Said Fred 
I'm not guilty, now GIMME back my bread 
Mr. District Attorney I'm not sure if they told you 
I'm on TV every day, where the fuck could I go to 
plus - Hov' don't run, Hov' stand and fight 
Hov's a soldier, Hov' been fightin all his life so 
What could you do to me? It's not new to me 
Sue me; fuck you - what's a couple dollars to me? 
But you will respect me, simple as that 
Or I got no problem goin back 
I'm representin for the seat where Rosa Parks sat 
Where Malcolm X was shot, where Martin Luther was popped 
So off we go, let the trumpets blow 
And hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro 
The ruler's back 
 
Uhh, uh-huh uhh uhh 
I, am, BACK, niggaz - whoo! whoo! whoo! whoo! 
Yeah, yeah, yeah 
Turn the motherfuckin music up 
The ruler's back 
I, am, back, niggaz 
Yeah, geah, yeah, geah, yeah, geah, yeah 
 
Well in these times, well at least to me 
There's a lot of rappers out there tryin to sound like Jay-Z 
I'll help you out, here's what you do 
You gonna need a wide lens cause that's a VERR' big shoe 
And you got a couple of +Beans+ and you don't have a +Clue+? 
You situation is +Bleek+, I'ma keep it +Rell+ cause 
Fuckin with me, you gotta drop +Amil+ 
Cause if you gonna cop somethin you gotta cop f'real 
Don't only talk it, walk like it - from the Bricks to the booth 
I can predict the future like Cleo the psychic 
You can't date skee-os and wife it (uh-uh) 
And you can't sell me bullshit, we know the prices 
So what your life is? We gon' roll 
'til the wheels fall off, y'all muh'fuckers check the tires 
Off we go, let the trumpets blow 
And hold on, because the driver of that Bentley is a pro 
The ruler's back 
 
Uhh, uhh 
I, am, back, niggaz 
Feels good! Ha 
Pah, holla at me! 
The ruler's back 
Yeah.. whoo! 
Yeah.. yeah.. yeah.. 
 
Now bounce, c'mon, bounce 
Uhh, whoo! Whoo! 
Bounce, c'mon, bounce 
Uhh, uhh, yeah, yeah 
Bounce, c'mon, bounce 
Uhh, yeah, just my thoughts ladies and gentlemen 
Just what I'm feelin at the time, you know what I mean? 
Knahmean? [music fades w/ ad libs]