[Intro: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
Uh, uh, uh, yeah, uh, your boy is back 
(Sexy sexy) I know y'all miss the bounce 
Need to bounce for the sexy you know 
 
 [Verse 1: Jay-Z] 
Yeah ma, your dude is back, Maybach coupe is back 
Tell the whole world the truth is back 
You ain't got to argue about who could rap 
Cause the proof is back just go through my rap 
New York New York yeah where my troopers at 
Where my hustlers where my boosters at 
I don't care what you do for stacks 
I know the world glued you back to the wall 
You gotta brawl to that 
I been through that, been shot at shoot back 
Gotta keep it peace like a Buddhist 
I ain't a New Jack nobody 'gon Wesley Snipe me 
It's less than likely, move back 
Let I breathe Jedi knight 
The more space I get the better I write 
(Oh) Never I write, but, if, ever I write 
I need the space to say whatever I like, now just 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
(Change clothes and go) You know I stay, fresh to death I brought you from the projects 
And I'm a take you to the top of the globe so let's go (Change numbers and go) 
Uh huh yeah, uh (Now girl I promise you, no substitute) It's just me 
 
 [Verse 2: Jay-Z] 
And I 'gon tell you again let's get ghost in the phantom 
You could bring your friend we could make this a tandem 
You could come by yourself and you could stand him 
Best believe I sweat out weaves, give afropuffs like R.A.G.E. 
Awww you get If you could move it 
Back it on up like a U Haul truck 
Then run and tell them thugs you heard Hovi knew 
He and the boy Phareal make beautiful music 
He is to the east coast what Snoop is, to the west coast what Face is to Houston 
Young Hov in the house it's so necessary 
No bra with the blouse it's so necessary 
No panties and jeans that's so necessary 
Now why you fronting on me is that necessary 
Do I to you look like a lame 
Who don't understand a broad with a mean shoe game 
Whose up on Dot Dot Dot and Vera Wang 
Ma are you insane, let's just 
(Woman speaking: What you want me to do?) 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
(Change clothes and go) You know I stay, fresh to death I brought you from the projects 
And I'm a take you to the top of the globe so let's go (Change numbers and go) 
Uh huh yeah, uh (Now girl I promise you, no substitute) It's just me 
 
 [Bridge: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
Uh, uh (Sexy sexy) Woo! (Ah ah!!!) 
Uh huh (Sexy sexy) It's so necessary right) (Ah ah!!!) 
Uh huh, woo! (Sexy sexy) That's right it's a groove (Ah ah!!!) 
Uh huh, it's a groove (Sexy sexy) bring it back (Ah ah!!!!) 
 
 [Verse 3: Jay-Z] 
Young Hovi in the house it's so necessary 
No bra with that blouse it's so necessary 
No panties and jeans it's so necessary 
Why you fronting on me? 
Let's go to my hotel cause this don't go well 
With those S Dots, try to stay fresh ma 
Ma, I don't shop what the rest by 
Oh no ma please respect ma 
Jiggy this is probably purple label 
Or that BBC or it's probably tailored 
But y'all niggas acting way to tough 
Throw on a suit get it tapered up, and let's just 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
(Change clothes and go) You know I stay, fresh to death I brought you from the projects 
And I'm a take you to the top of the globe so let's go (Change numbers and go) 
Uh huh yeah, uh (Now girl I promise you, no substitute) It's just me 
 
 [Outro: Jay-Z (Pharrell)] 
(Ah ah!!!) Uh uh (Sexy sexy) sing along (Ah ah!!!) 
Yeah, uh (Sexy sexy) turn your radio up (Ah ah!!!) 
Woo! (Sexy sexy) Put your hands in the air if your in the car (Ah ah!!!) 
Uh! Snap your fingers now (Sexy sexy) woo, uh (Ah ah!!!) 
Uh, uh, your boy is back 
Uh huh, uh, uh, uh, the bounce is back 
Uh, uh, woo, uh Hov is back, peace!!!