Dear God.. how can I explain myself? 
 [J] Oh God bless me indeed 
When I'm so confused 
 [J] Enlarge my territory 
 [J] Place your love and protection over me at all times 
Help me! 
 [J] Keep me away from evil 
Somebody answer me! [echoes] 
 [J] Allow me not to cause pain 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Police in the background, screamin put the thing down 
That's how hard I was trying to put my thing down 
Si-rens ringin out, old ladies screamin out 
All this attention for me and I'm barely sixteen now 
.. it's feelin like a dream now 
Handcuffed, roughed up, I'm tossed in the bing now 
I'm lyin next to fiends now, that's the end of the story 
Let me bring y'all niggaz back to the very first scene now 
December 4th, a child is born 
Before I knew it, had my pops trousers on 
That's how we do it when the man of the house is gone 
You either, stand or fall, I chose to stand 
The hawk outside, so I blow my hand 
It's a cold cold world but I overstand 
Tryin to stay focused but I feel hopeless damn 
Can't cope with bein broke, I'm a man - c'mon 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
Son don't let these streets, get the best of you 
I will be right by your side, when you goin through 
Son just don't let it (just don't let it) 
Just don't let it (just don't let it) 
Just don't let it (just don't let it) 
.. get the best of you 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Late one night I was, rollin the streets 
Just, thinkin about what's goin on with me and 
trapped in this thug life, tryin to break free but 
this thug life just keeps callin me 
I'm livin life way too dangerously 
I'm drownin in my misery 
Looked in the mirror, there's my enemy 
Cause poppa never was a part of me 
Take one step at a time, mama said 
Sweet memories still remain in my head 
All of my life been lied to, misled 
Voices be like, "Don't you wish you was dead?" 
No ground to place my feet 
I feel the fire under me 
A way out is all I need 
Somebody, answer me! 
 
 [Chorus + ad libs] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Now the only thing left is more spirit to roam free 
.. cause ain't no goin home for me 
It's a cold cold world but I blew my hand 
A true first cause I knew that man 
I knew what he would do if I didn't draw first 
And I couldn't stand the thought of my momma steppin foot inside a church 
All I try to do is try to get up out the dirt 
Guess he's tryin to do the same, told me get up out his turf 
I wanted to talk to him, but that shit'd never work 
We was cut from the same cloth and what was under his shirt was his 
momma's rent, his young brother's clothes 
My nephew's food, and with that I suppose 
.. and with that I froze 
Now my life is frozen in time behind these iron folds 
And this story is told, for young soldiers 
who never choose the life we chose 
 
 [Chorus + (ad libs)] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Tears in my eyes as I look up, I'm tryin to 
hold back my pride but reality is screamin 
Gotta get a job cause mo-mma also screamin 
Streets are just like drugs, and it's like I'm out here fiendin 
Forget all the hits in the industry, cause 
ain't no exceptions in this game for me, look 
Neither God or my enemies, I 
choose God cause he understands, this 
young man with a thuggish heart 
Whole world in his hands but still torn apart 
Like I'm so close, but it's still so far 
Nightmares of me in a swervin car, ohhh 
No ground to place my feet (my feet) 
I feel the fire under me (heyyy) 
A way out is all I need (all I need) 
Somebody, answer me! 
 
 [Chorus + ad libs]