[singing: Paul Anka + (Jay-Z)] 
Now, the end is near (Can you believe this shit Guru?) 
So I face (I'm from the hood man) the final curtain 
(No the REAL hood the hood, not the RAP hood) 
(The REAL hood, like three pair of pants) 
My friends, I'll say it clear (pair of sneakers) 
(My moms is bustin her ass) State my case 
(Nigga I'm going to Japan tomorrow!) Which I'm certain 
(You understand what I'm saying? Can you believe that?) 
I lived a life that's full (They have people, waiting) 
(at the airport like five days like I'm a Beatle or somethin) 
(That's really somethin!) And I travelled each, and every highway 
(Seen the best of the best, the worst of the worst) and more 
Much more than this (still here) I did it my way 
Let's try this one 
 
 [Jay-Z + (singer)] 
Uhh, yeah... gangsta nigga! 
Put my hustle down, tore the game up nigga 
Took your high score down, put my name up nigga 
Tore the doors down 'til the Hall of Fame is Jigga 
I did it my way (and more.. much more than this) 
That's right, it's a beautiful thing man! 
(I did it my way) I did it my way -- Hovi baby! 
 
Momma's youngest and strongest, survived summers like saunas 
Mastered a corner like Deion in his uniform 
Pop hurting assertive, flirted with death 
Damn near murdered before my first album hit the shelf 
Grandma's favorite, she could not understand 
how there's people in the world who wouldn't want me as a neighbor 
Has to explain to her, you think these folks want me in the penthouse 
as a reminder that I make top paper? 
Black entrepreneur, nobody did us no favors 
Nobody gave us shit, we made us 
The Rap Pack, I'm Sinatra, Dame's Sam Davis 
Big's the smart one on the low like Dean Martin 
We came in this game, not beggin niggas pardon 
Demanding y'all respect, hand over a check 
And while y'all at it, hand over the jet 
We the reason they ain't hand over Def Jam so quick 
They new every year I was droppin new product 
I was raisin the stock up, while building the Roc up 
But that's alright, cause they knew they had to see us 
When it was time for us to re-up, make us multi-million-ires 
Je-je-jeah! 
 
(And more, much more than this; I did it my way) 
 
Jeah! "In My Lifetime" 
I caught smaller cases, but I had capital 
Hypocritic system let me right back at you 
You better hope a rich rapper never attacks you 
Not even that scratches you, 'specially if you black dude 
They don't give a shit unless the accused just happen to rap 
And they can look good by paintin him as bad news 
Cause in my past, I seen dudes get half of they views 
exposed to the curb and nobody said a word 
So imagine how disturbed I was 
When I seen how big they made my fight scene at the club 
Let me explain exactly how this shit was 
This nigga Un yo I scratched him, he went home without an aspirin 
But it's cool cause he's back friends, and half-inning is over 
It's in the past and I'm glad, now I'm back to being Hova 
Maybach with the chauffeur, laid back 
Helicopter seat, feat inclined, shit feeling like a sofa 
Helicopter meet me, Teterburo take me over 
somewhere peaceful for the weekend now it's back to speaking of vultures 
So the next time that page six approaches us 
Here's a quote from Jay, nigga I did it my - way 
 
(And more, much more than this; I did it my way)