[Intro: News Excerpts] 
The damage here along the gulf coast is catastrophic. 
There's a frantic effort under way tonight to find 
survivors. There are an uncounted number of the dead tonight... 
People are being forced to live like animals... 
We are desperate... 
No one says the federal government is doing a good job.. 
And hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people... 
No water, I fought my country for years.. 
We need help, we really need help.. 
In Baghdad, they they drop, they air drop water, food to people..why cant they do that to their own people? 
The same idiots that can't get water into a major American city in less than three days are trying to 
win a war... 
 
 [Verse 1 - Jay-Z] 
People was poor before the hurricane came 
But the down pour poured is like when Mary J. sang 
Every day it rains, so every day the pain 
But ignored them, and showed em the risk was to blame 
For life is a chain, cause and effected 
Niggas off the chain because they affected 
It's a dirty game so whatever is effective 
From weed to selling kane, gotta put that in effect 
Wouldn't you loot, if you didn't have the loot? 
Baby needed food and you stuck on the roof 
Helicopter swooped down just to get a scoop 
Through his telescopic lens but he didn't scoop you 
The next five days, no help ensued 
They called you a refugee because you seek refuge 
The commander-in-chief just flew by 
Did he stop? No, he had a couple seats 
Just proved jet blue he's not 
Jet flew by the spot 
What if he ran out of jet fuel and just dropped 
hu,That woulda been something to watch 
Helicopters doing fly-bys to take a couple of shots 
Couple of portraits then ignored 'em 
He'd be just another bush surrounded by a couple orchids 
Poor kids just 'cause they were poor kids 
Left 'em on they porches same old story in New Orleans 
Silly rappers, because we got a couple Porches 
MTV stopped by to film our fortresses 
We forget the unfortunate 
Sure I ponied up a mill, but I didn't give my time 
So in reality I didn't give a dime, or a damn 
I just put my monies in the hands of the same people that left my people stranded 
Nothin' but a bandit 
Left them folks abandoned 
Damn, that money that we gave was just a band-aid 
Can't say we better off than we was before 
In synopsis this is my minority report 
Can't say we better off than we was before 
In synopsis this is my minority report 
 
 [Verse 2 - Ne-Yo] 
So many times I'm, covering my eyes 
Peeking through my fingers 
Tryin' to hide my, frustration at the way that we treat 
(Seems like we don't even care) 
Turn on the TV, seein' the pain 
Sayin' such a shame 
Then tryin' to go on with my life 
Of that, I too, am guilty 
(Seems like we don't even care) 
So we send a lil' money, tell 'em it's alright 
To be able to sleep at night 
You will pay that price 
While some of these folks' lost their whole life 
(Seems like we don't even care) 
Now it wasn't on the nightly news no more 
Suddenly it didn't matter to you no more 
In the end almost nothing changed 
What the hell, what was that for? 
(Seems like we don't even care) 
 
 [Outro: News Excerpts] 
...Buses are on the way to take those people from New Orleans to Houston 
...They lyin' 
...People are dying at the convention center 
...Their government has failed them 
...George Bush doesn't care about black people