[Intro: Tone (R. Kelly)] 
Yo, Duro, tell Rob to hurry up back in the booth, man 
We got the Track joint 
Yo, this Tone the referee, while I got your attention 
I gotta we set out to bring you the best possible heat 
For your two step, me, Jigga and Kells 
You know, so y'all just enjoy, aight 
Yo, Rob you there? (Yeah) Your mic sound nice (uh-huh uh-huh) 
You first to blow (yeah) Ight, you ready to blow (uh-huh) 
Aight, let's go 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly] 
Hold up, wait a minute, stop 
Jigga, I'm about to put the shit down 
Hold up, wait a minute, stop 
I'm about to, make these niggaz get down 
Hold up, wait a minute, stop 
Guaranteed, these niggaz gonna feel us 
Hold up, wait a minute, stop 
Tone and Poke, blow the motherfuckin' speakers 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Grab a bottle, get two models 
Thugs at Apollo's, niggaz wanna follow 
I'm about to show you, how wild it gets 
That nigga Hov', is the craziest 
Stop at the club, bout a quarter to six 
With a bottle in my hand, yellin' "Bitch, I'm rich" 
Hey, y'all niggaz see me, I can't believe it 
You startin' to sound like, you don't want it 
Tony's on the drop, blue and yellow rocks 
He keep yellin', stop, Sisqo's album flopped 
What you wanna do, if you drinkin', I'm hangin' out with you 
Five, four, three, two, one 
Hang on y'all, let's have some fun 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
It's Young... uh, mack alone, I'm back in the zone 
I'm out they way, still these rappers won't leave me alone 
I can give a fuck what these rappers sayin' bout me 
That just let's me know, they can't go a day without me 
Scared of me succeading, that's the reason you doubt me 
Cuz if you ain't believe me, you wouldn't be thinkin' bout me 
Sorta how like you, never crossed my mind 
Until you crossed the line, stop... 
Then I gotta come accross a rhyme 
To let the world know you come across a mime 
I do so much sauce with lines, with someone who saws my climb 
From Marcy to party, where you soakin' up blue nine 
Prude, am I, got a du-lema, I'm a dude from the hood 
Who loves jewels, who am I? 
You where placed in the same shoes, size 10/5 
With a sick view, of the place you grew, dude, can I 
Live, what I did, for this whole rap circus 
I open up more doors for y'all fuckers than car service 
Ya'll nervous, I ain't back yet 
I'm on extended vaca', I ain't unpack yet, stop worrying 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Five, four, three, two, one 
Hang on y'all, let's have some fun 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Foxy Brown] 
Shit, she back with the nigga inf dot 
Uh-oh, somebody better tell this broad 
I'm a nine year veteran, I'm back with my breathren 
I sware to god, it feel like '96 again 
Bitches snatchin' bags, see, they fuckin' with my shit again 
We bout to let them hammers pop 
In the 'Stuy, dudes, callin', you a problem, Fox' 
I got the automore pierre watch 
Butterscotch, GT, good toe on, three eight cock 
Ya'll ain't see this much love since they cried for 'Pac 
Since Big passed, or since Jay passed the Roc 
I'm in a clearport, full length mink in a G4 
Fuck I'm lookin' like rhyming for a hundred g's, for? 
No, I don't talk to media guys 
I don't chatter with the best, ain't no question whose the best 
Shawn and Kelly, Fox, best of both worlds, I see y'all 
Aiyo, Kel, nigga, holler at your peoples 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Five, four, three, two, one 
Hang on y'all, let's have some fun 
 
 [Chorus]