[R] Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh 
 
 [Chorus: R. Kelly + (Lil' Kim)] 
Uh-huh (shake ya body body, move ya body body) 
Uh-huh (twist ya body body, switch ya body body) 
Uh-huh (dip ya body body, work ya body body) 
Uh-huh (any-body body, every-body body) 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Pub-o, drank-o, 'dro plus the Bev-o 
Hands in the air-o, holla like echo 
Tone's in the dub with, Momo and Poke-o 
Tone be like Kujo, I be like Cecil 
Fists rockin like "ADRIIIAN!" 
We come through like "Superfriends!" 
Tick-tock, tick-tock, it's six o'clock 
And the party won't stop, bout to hit the IHOP 
Got twenty inch mirrors rollin under the drop 
So clap that shit up y'all and make it hot 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
New York, Chicago, Atlanta, L.A. 
Miami crazy like yippie-i-yae 
Rude boys in the club smokin on hay 
Smoke the (?) weed, Cali and the Bay 
Real live niggaz - put y'all hands up 
Wanna get tossed - drink that liquor 
Who's got the industry locked - Kelly and Jigga 
Crack my skull - turn that shit up 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
We got honies everywhere 
Corks off the Cris' poppin everywhere 
Partyin hard like we just don't care 
The best of both worlds, that shit ain't fair 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
This shit ain't fair 
I, am, Jay, Hov' 
Mami shake ya body body, don't hurt no-body body 
It's me in the God-body, R. Kelly the John Gotti 
of R&B thug and me I would say I'm probably 
the hardest rapper to ever cop on poppy and 
put it in a song, ma how could you go wrong ha? ha? ha? ha? 
Worse than a armed robbery 
Know that I'm armed properly, whenever the arm's rocky 
You can go on clockin me, ain't nuttin gon' stop me 
High as Allah I be, movin in peace but I 
move with the piece, so them, dudes in the streets 
will never remove my piece, ha? ha?, got me 
Niggaz'll never get me, I never move sloppy 
Move with the glock-50, got some Tupac with me 
Let's not test my gangsta, just, raise your glasses 
Mami, shake ya asses, this is a thug classic 
 
 [Lil' Kim] 
Make a hole make a hole and let the Queen come past 
I come through in the speedboat, with 808's in the glass 
Push big things here, bet most of y'all crash 
Back to trainin lightweights, you in the wrong weight class 
Haters, stay awake, fuck the Harlem Shake 
We "Slam" dance like Onyx, check my ebonics 
You got, heat nigga you thinkin we won't blaze? 
Gotta come hard cause these are the last days 
When I, do it I do's it, ain't no more to it (word) 
Ask (?) I puts my back into it 
From car dealers to Macy's, to cashiers that brace me 
We train like the Navy for whatever the case may be 
I pass on the 6, they don't impress me much 
I want the bulletproof 7 cause the doors lift up 
They pick the best of all girls, so how y'all sound? 
I got the best of both worlds, holdin me down 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [R] Uh-huh!