[BLAM BLAM] 
 [woman screaming in pain.. cops yelling "Go! Go! Go! Go!"] 
 [police sirens] 
 
 [Hook:] 
Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh 
I ahh, think there's been a.. 
I.. I think there's been a.. 
Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh 
I ahh, think there's been a.. 
I.. I think there's been a.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I hustle from, night to morning, dawn to dusk 
Kidnap and robberies like (c'mon nigga) "You're going with us" 
I held roundtable meetings so we could go on and discuss 
not only money but all the emotions going through us 
Why we don't cry when niggas die, that's how the street raised him 
Look in the air, say a prayer (hail Mary) hoping God forgave him 
Cop liquor, twist it, tap it twice, pour it to the pavement 
We live dangerous, often finding ourself in the eyes of strangers 
(Who the fuck is you?) My dream is big and in it my team is rich 
as seen through the eyes of a nigga who ain't seen shit 
Back to live action, I'm packing, I'm still in the mix 
like new hits, I think I'm going over your head a little bit 
But I let you know I changed names when I roam through town 
Stay free and be who I'm professional known as now 
Jay-motherfucking-Z; and with that said 
back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is dead, and uh 
 
 [Hook] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
My infatuation with autos led to autos getting sprayed 
Houses getting broken in, quarters getting tried 
Bricks getting chopped, mom's pots getting used 
One thrown in that water, try the soda in there too 
Expensive shoes worn, Louis Vuitton seat, roof gone 
Coke cheap, my face is like a coupon 
I gotta do Shawn, 'cause even when Jay-Z was lukewarm 
I was getting my loot on, nigga I'm too strong 
Eat till the food's gone, they placed me on this earth 
The twin brother of Rick Porter, separated at birth 
I got the soul of a hustler, quiet noise like a muffler 
Fuck with us, walk through the ghetto, see the place that corrupted us 
Learn why we buck at the guys that come up with us 
Ain't enough bucks for us to split in this shit 
Plus ain't nobody loving us; and with that said 
back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is dead, and uh 
 
 [Hook] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
See my life is like a see-saw 
And until I move this weight it's gonna keep me to the floor 
Travel with me through my deep thoughts 
You all can't learn Jigga by the shit you all be reading in The Source; 
It's deeper of course 
Follow the life of this reckless minor 
At sixteen in the 600, unlicensed driver 
Playing, cops and robbers, like shots can't stop us 
Flipping a bird to the choppers (fuck you coppers) 
Buck-thirty on the turns 
Reckless abandon, when I'm standing on this pedal 
Hand on my metal, minus all this time they trying to give me 
Lord help me, all I ever wanted to be was wealthy or 
somebody to tell me that they felt me 
I tried to play the hand you dealt me 
but you gave me five funnies and shit 
I was hungry I need menage money 
Nothing less than a 520; and with that said 
back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is *BLAM* 
 
(Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh)