[Pain In Da Ass] 
 [gunshots] OKAY, I'M RELOADED!!! 
You motherfuckers, think you big time? 
Fuckin with Jay-Z, you gon' die, big time! 
Here come the "Pain"! [gunshots] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Jigga... (Jigga), Bigga... (Bigga) 
Nigga, how you figure... (how you figure) 
Yeah, yeah, yeah, aiyyo 
 
Peep the style and the way the cops sweat us (uh-huh) 
The number one question is can the Feds get us (uh-huh) 
I got vendettas in dice games against ass betters (uh-huh) 
and niggaz who pump wheels and drive Jettas 
Take that witcha.. 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
.. hit ya, back split ya 
Fuck fist fights and lame scuffles 
Pillow case to your face, make the shell muffle 
Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle 
Fuck a tussle, nickel-plated 
Sprinkle coke on the floor, make it drug related 
Most hate it.. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
.. can't fade it 
While y'all pump Willie, I run up in stunts silly 
Scared, so you sent your little mans to come kill me 
But on the contrilli, I packs the mack-milli 
Squeezed off on him, left them paramedics breathin soft on him 
What's ya name? 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
.. Who shot ya? Mob ties like Sinatra 
Peruvians tried to do me in, I ain't paid them yet 
Tryin to push 700's, they ain't made them yet 
Rolex and bracelets is frostbit; rings too 
Niggaz 'round the way call me Igloo Stix (Who?) 
Motherfucker! 
 
 [Chorus] 
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
(Where you from?) Brooklyn, goin out for all 
Marcy - that's right - you don't stop 
Bed-Stuy.. you won't stop, nigga! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
What, what, what? 
Jay-Z, Big' Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
Brooklyn represent y'all, hit you fold 
You crazy, think your little bit of rhymes can play me? 
I'm from Marcy, I'm varsity, chump, you're JV 
(Jigga) Jay-Z 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
.. and Bigga baby! 
My Bed-Stuy flow's malicious, delicious 
Fuck three wishes, made my road to riches 
from 62's, gem stars, my moms dishes 
Gram choppin, police van dockin 
D's at my doors knockin 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
What? Keep rockin 
No more, Mister, Nice Guy, I twist your shit 
the fuck back with them pistols, blazin 
Hot like cajun 
Hotter than even holdin work at the Days Inn 
with New York plates outside 
Get up outta there, fuck your ride 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
Keep your hands high, shit gets steeper 
Here comes the Grim Reaper, Frank Wright 
Leave the keys to your In-tegra (That's right) 
Chill homie, the bitch in the Shoney's told me 
You're holdin more drugs than a pharmacy, you ain't harmin me 
So pardon me, pass the safe, before I blaze the place 
and here's six shots just in case 
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) 
 
 [Chorus] 
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all 
(Crown Heights...) You don't stop 
(Brownsville...) You won't stop, nigga! 
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) 
Hah hah! Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
(Where we from?) Brooklyn goin out to all 
(Bushwick...) You don't stop 
(Fort Greene...) You won't stop, niggaz! 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah, yeah, yeah 
For nine six, the only MC with a flu 
Yeah I rhyme sick, I be what you're tryin to do 
Made a fortune off Peru, extradite, china white heron 
Nigga please, like short sleeves I bear arms 
Stay out my way from here on (CLEAR?) Gone! 
 
 [Notoriuos B.I.G.] 
Me and Gutter had two spots 
The two for five dollar hits, the blue tops 
Gotta go, Coolio mean it's gettin "Too Hot" 
If Fay' had twins, she'd probably have two-Pac's 
Get it? .. Tu-pac's 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Time to separate the pros from the cons 
The platinum from the bronze 
That butter soft shit from that leather on the Fonz 
A S1 diamond from a eye class don 
A Cham' Dom' sipper from a Rosay nigga, huh?! 
Brook-Nam, sippin on 
 
 [Notorious B.I.G.] 
Cristal forever, play the crib when it's mink weather 
The M.A.F.I.A. keep canons in they Marc Buchanans 
Usually cuatro cinco, the shell sink slow, tossin ya 
Mad slugs through your Nautica, I'm warnin ya 
(Hah, what the fuck?) 
 
 [Chorus] 
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all 
(Flatbush...) You don't stop 
(Redhook...) You won't stop, nigga! 
(Brooklyn... Brooklyn... Brooklyn...) 
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit ya drawers 
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin out to all 
(East New York...) You don't stop 
(Clinton Hill...) You won't stop, nigga! 
("Is Brooklyn in the house?") 
 
 [Outro] 
Uhh, Roc-A-Fella, y'all, Junior M.A.F.I.A. 
Superbad click, Brook-lyn's Finest, you re-wind this 
Represetin BK to the fullest