[Jay-Z] 
Back at'cha 
How we do 
Primo, Jigga-Man 
History in the making 
Let's go 
 
Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH 
Uh-huh-uh-uhh, uhh 
I spit the murder-murder-murderous 
Mur-mur-ma-murderous SHIT 
Uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-UHH 
I keep the gangsta-gangsta-gangsta 
Gah-gah-ga-gangsta beat, feel me? Uhh 
I spit that Brooklyn-Brooklyn-Brook 
Uh-uhh, uh-huh-uh-uhh, uh-uhh 
Uh-huh-UHH 
 
Yo.. career crook, nobody rap Brooklyn like me 
Jigga-Man, Volume 3, I'm back lookin like me 
Stop the presses, baby girls, drop your dresses 
B-K lick a shot for Big Pop' in heaven 
Ever since I came through, niggaz got the impression 
everything I drop, out of the question, stop the guessin 
it's hot, flows provin I pack cause my dough's movin 
My whole crew up in this muh'fucker 
We spray corners, stand there like you got a cape on ya, fine 
You'll be wearing a black suit a long time 
I put your crew in hard bottoms 
The priest is like, "God's got him 
He never did nuttin to nobody but them boys shot him" 
Brandish iron, outlandish buyin 
Bentley Coupes, not braggin just simply the truth 
We all from the ghetto, only difference, we go back 
Back up in D&D on this Primo track, listen 
 
 [Chorus: Jay-Z {scratching by DJ Premier}] 
I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me 
"Iceberg, Slim baby ride rims" 
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me 
"You know him well.." "..by the name of Jigga" 
I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me 
"You can love me or hate me.." "..Jay-Z" 
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me 
"Roc-a-Fella lock the whole block down" 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Wednesday's I'm up in Shine, Cheetah's Monday night 
I'm fuckin with the model chicks Friday night at Life 
So I'm cruisin in the car with this boozy broad 
She said, "Jigga-Man you rich, take the doo-rag off" 
Hit a U-turn; ma I'm droppin you back off 
Front of the club, "Jigga why you do that for?" 
Thug nigga til the end, tell a friend bitch 
Won't change for no paper plus I been rich 
Eighty-eight been hustlin, linen been crushin em 
Women been fuckin them HUH? 
You see I live for the love of the street 
Rap to the ruggedest beats 
Hall closet cluttered with heat 
I spit that murder-murder-murder 
that Brook-Brook-a-Brooklyn shit 
Furthermore ma.. 
We tote guns to the Grammy's, pop bottles on the White House lawn 
Guess I'm just the same old Shawn 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I'm from the M-to-the-A-baby-R-C-Y 
So it's hard for me to let the larceny die 
Niggaz see me in the streets with no bodyguards 
just two big guns that'll body your squad 
Could niggaz be scheamin on me? Probably are 
Think Jigga's a joke nigga? Hardy har 
I spit Brook-Brook-Brooklyn every time I bust 
Radio's gotta play me though I cuss too much 
Magazine said I'm shallow, I never learned to swim 
Still they put me on they cover cause I earn for them 
Soon as I sell too much, watch them turn on him 
cause that seem to be the shit that'll earn for them 
I spit that murder-murder-murderous everytime a verbalist 
iller than Verbal Kint is or O-Dog in "Menace" 
I'm ill, start to finish, I rip apart contenders 
I'm hot.. hehehehe.. 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I'm so gangsta prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me, uhh 
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls .. 
Heheh, (uhh, uhh, uh-huh-uh-uhh), yeah 
Uhh, yeah, funk, yeah, with me, yeah, beyotch, yeah 
Jigga, yeah, Primo, yeah, gangsta, yeah, niggaz, yeah 
Brooklyn, yeah