[Amil (Jay-Z)] 
(Alright yeah) 
Would ya love me? (Uh-huh, alright) 
Would ya hate me? (Watch this yo) 
I know ya love me (Alright) 
I know ya hate me (Uh Clue) 
Would ya love me? (Brand new Duro) 
Would ya hate me? 
I know ya love me (Feel this yo, uh) 
 
 [Amil] 
Uh, uh, uh 
See me comin through hair done just a slinging my shit 
With something Gucci on clinging to my hips 
Frontin with the Star Tech ringing in the whip 
Icy ears, neck, fingers for years 
Got the show wild with the toes out 
Shit I don't fuck with no stingy nigga 
I rock Prada, Chanel, and Fendi nigga 
What I'mma do with your little blunts and Henney nigga? 
I'mma Major Coin with a pretty Bentley nigga 
Uh my niggas will ride for me 
You should see all the things they buy for me 
Uh, it's obvious how I spend my time 
Around ballers all day don't have to spend a dime 
Callin' up room service when it's dinner time 
Get my tan on in the tropics in the winter time nigga, uh, uh, uh 
 
 [Amil (Beanie Siegal)] 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 Roc) 
I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 Roc) 
I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked) 
 
 [Beanie Siegal] 
Ay yo, we gon' stop this here 
Get this clear the general of the Roc in here 
Beanie Siegal hottest thing on the block this year 
Keep the ego we been bound to the top ya hear 
Forget about it you don't know me yo stop the stares 
I've been about it pop you then pop ya peers 
You know how I do six coup, top be clear 
You know how I play low layer Roc-A-Wear 
Catch Siegal in the kitchen balloon in the pie 
Y'all from whom to buy 
Y'all niggas know if y'all cross Mac 
Y'all soon to die 
Cuz you know I bring heat like June and July 
Spit like August 
I'm the truth I'm not lying 
I'm the reason why Jay feel comfortable retiring 
I gotta laugh cuz y'all work hard at this shit 
Think about yo I just started this shit 
Just imagine if I put my heart in this shit 
Scary sight y'all niggas feel me right 
God damn yo I barely write 
But every rhyme be in check like a pair of Nikes 
 
 [Amil (Beanie Siegal)] 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) 
I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) 
I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked) 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Yo, yo, well I'm gold now 
Memph Man Coming Of Age and I'm grown now 
Sittin on chrome now 
I'm the youngest gun, I get it on with anyone 
I've been in thirty beefs shit I'm barely 21 
Guns I hold em like offensive linemen 
Bring em back to the streets like a brick on consignment 
Interlining of the Mark Buchanan 
Spark two hammers 
Memph Man gold marks the understanding 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
We don't engage in war we elope 
Orange juice style beat niggas to a pulp 
We broke nigga you just told 3 jokes 
Me, Biggs, and Dame we get some things 
See the six dames me and Biggs live in the Range 
Mine's platinum his Champagne 
Niggas whisper cuz if they talk they gets slain 
Y'all's was looking for me on the charts the bricks came 
Left the same night in the morning the chicks came 
I just use rap to put shit in my name 
The death's just a matter of time the hit's been arranged 
Contracts signed the shits in your name 
Just to lame rap niggas I'm the king 
Motherfuck the ring mami kiss the chain 
I don't got game to waste on y'all 
I'm don't think with my dick or chase my balls 
I'm a hustla hit me with an eighth of raw 
And when I get on top I'mma blaze all y'all 
Keep em laced some more I know you want some things 
I drink a lot of water mami come clean 
Chicks I pump her then dump her 
Cars we got em bumper to bumper 
Rap niggas y'all days are numbered 
Nobody drop nothin' next summer, yeah 
 
 [Amil (Beanie Siegal)] 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) 
I know ya hate me (Cuz you know we got shit locked) 
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop) 
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top) 
I know ya love me (Cuz you know we pop 4 roc) 
I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked) 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
Yeah R-O-C for the 2 triple O 
Ya heard me 
You are about to witness a dynasty like no other 
Beanie Siegal, The General 
Amil-lion, Diana Ross of the ROC 
Memph Bleek, Young god 
Ha, ha 
Jigga Man, get ya mind right niggas