[Chorus (Jay-Z)] 
The power of the P-U-S-S-Y, 
Thatz why every mutherfucka in the world dress fly. 
Every baller 
that can afford it they cop the best ride, for the power of the P-U-S-S-Y. 
(Let's have some fun) 
The power of the P-U-S-S-Y, thatz why niggaz get they hair cut, try to dress fly. 
Every baller that can afford it he cop the best ride. 
For the Power of the P-U-S-S-Y. 
 
 [Jay-Z] 
I-I know this girl we call her Sweet Cooch Brown. 
Hands down mami had the bombest pussy in town. 
One dip in the girl pool, thatz all it took. 
One sample of the snappa and ya ass was whooped. 
Have you buyin Gucci sandals matchin pocketbooks. 
Blowin up her beeper, ringin her phone off the hook. 
Ball playaz they spent money, rappers they spent time. 
All the while both claimin that they never spent a dime. 
Buisness guys you were victimised. 
Have 'em payin rent on condos in a Miami High Rise. 
They ask her, "Who pussy's this?" 
Look her right in her eyes. 
She say, "This pussy's yours, Daddy" 
Tell 'em nothin but lies. 
Ha! They didn't believe it, but they wanted to. 
Needed to. She had the type of body that you didn't want leavin you. 
So they ignored all her flirtin ways and put a ring on her finger. 
I'm like, "Earth to Dave!" 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [R. Kelly] 
Naw..I ain't no rapper but I'mma sing my shit 
when it comes down to that mutherfuckin click click click. 
Niggaz I tick tick tick, turn on ya quick quick quick. 
And thatz why I be givin mami much dick dick dick. 
While yall chumps be coppin diamonds and fur and all that, 
Fiendin for this pussy as if yall was on crack. 
When it comes to the truth, I can't hold back. 
Ya'll cats (?) hittin these broads need to be smacked. 
It's this nigga named Monroe that I know from way back. 
He hit the lotto, bought this girl a Cadillac. 
Now this bitch be creepin behind this niggaz back. 
Me bust his nut guess what he still took this bitch back. 
Three things niggaz love...money, pussy, and drugs. 
Can't get one without the other unless you soft and in love. 
Yall take it from a nigga who's done all the above. 
Niggaz it the lesbian R&B thug. 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Devin the Dude] 
The P is for the pearl tongue that I like to tickle. 
The U is for uterus, down deep in the middle. 
SS is so slippery when I go up inside. 
Pussy's good and if you gettin some I know you know Y. 
See I got my first shot when I was bout 7. 
Her father called my house he said, 
"I need to talk to yo son Devin. 
My daughter she's 11 and she goes to the same school that yo son goes to. 
And she said today she got screwed." 
But my daddy answer the phone so no drama, and all he said was, 
"No shit! Let me talk to that girl mama!" 
Then i was suspended 3 day, tooken from school. 
It was like a vacation. 
Niggaz lookin at pussy at the pool in our apartments. 
I started hittin hard when I was small. 
Let me recite a story lesson for all of yall. 
See pussy's like a wound it would never heal, 
the more ointment you put on then the better it feels. 
Cuz it's... 
 
 [Chorus] 
 [R. Kelly] 
Oh yeah. 
Niggaz will do anything for some pussy. 
Hey Hey Hey! 
Oh! See it don't matter who you are, 
where you from, in this life at some point ya gonna wanna get you some. 
Yes you will. 
Ooo. Oh! I know.