[Jay-Z] 
Nah motherfucker 
Ge-ge-geah-geah 
Geah-geah-ge-ge-geah-geah 
Geah-geah-ge-ge-geah-geah 
Yeah, yeah, yeah 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
We be the R,O,C .. y'all get your dope from us 
We runs the R,O,C.. yeah, keep up niggaz, c'mon 
 
Aiyyo you niggaz talk a lot of nuthin, like you always God or sumthin 
Like you always shot at sumthin, niggaz never shot at nuthin 
Like you shotty sumthin, like you body sumthin 
nigga your body duckin is nuthin you're bluffin 
You niggaz talk shit like you draw quick 
but when the 4's grip, I floor quick; you, your man, your bullshit 
Your man bullshit? Might get him four quick 
All up in his fore shit; c'mon, stop the bullshit 
It's B Sig dog, straight in da league y'all 
Straight out da school yard Hoover, I schooled y'all 
Now school's out, lights out tools out 
You fools out c'mon y'all pick a new route 
while I pick the new flow, kick it to your new ho' 
to get next to your new dough 
Your new crack spot you know Mac steal crack to crack pot 
niggaz know I spit on every track hot 
 
 [Chorus: repeat 2X] 
It's the R, O, C, stop 
From Tower to ma'n'pop we move out the stop 
R,O,C, stop 
We shower your mom block and move out with glocks 
 
 [Memphis Bleek] 
Uhh, yeah, uh-huh, yo this for my G's 
Yo yo 
Aiyyo, this for my G's, hoes, gangstas, foes 
niggaz who get dough rep for get lo 
I got cake (cake) weight (weight) shanks (shanks) 
eights (eights) bank (bank) bitch act straight 
I'm hot son 
 [Beans] Stop son they livin a lie duke 
You plot son I pop one still in the sky duke 
M to the A to the R-C-Y duke 
niggaz die here can't nothin revive you 
I'm still here niggaz see what I drive through 
Sittin on dubs with screens inside too 
I'm simply street, I'm Memphis Bleek 
Catch me with them green jars in the tinted jeep 
On, B-L-A-D's I get C-L-A-P's 
Catch me not givin a fuck I'm on these LA Trees 
One for Sigel Sigel, two for the Jigga and 
Three for Amil-lion and four for Memph Man 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Beanie Sigel] 
Aiyyo you shouldn't have been talkin that like you was walkin that 
And Mac with this mac .. 
and let off fifty shots where you be walkin at 
Where your apartment at 
You fuck around and have me creepin in the dark where you be often at 
or where you be.. creepin at 
Where your birds be.. shh 
Oops mean (chirpin at) damn I'm hurtin that 
Workin that spittin that shit like that's on purpose 
That's, some freestyle shit, I don't know 
Hey playboy take that back a bit 
Yo you shouldn't have been talkin that like you was walkin that 
and Mac with this mac .. 
and let off fifty shots where you be walkin at 
Where your apartment at 
You fuck around have me creepin in the dark where you be often at 
or where you be.. creepin at, sleepin at 
Where your birds be, cheepin at 
Oops mean chirpin that, damn I be workin that 
Hurtin that, aiyyo playboy (?) that 
 
 [Chorus] 
 
 [Outro] 
R,O,C, stop 
R,O,C.. mom block and move out with glocks 
Uhh uhh, geah, uh-huh-uh-uh 
Uh-huh-uh-uh, y'all can't fuck with us 
Un-stop-pa-ble-Roc, y'all can't fuck with us 
Un-stop-pa-ble-Roc, y'all can't fuck with us 
Un-stop-pa-ble-Roc, y'all can't fuck with us [fades out]