Yessir! 
Just the sound of his voice is a hit! 
Ya'll niggas got me really confused out there 
I make "Big Pimpin" or "Give It 2 Me", one of those... 
Ya'll hail me as the greatest writer of the 21st Century 
I make some thought-provoking shit 
Ya'll question whether he falling off 
I'ma really confuse ya'll on this one 
Follow.... 
 
When them tops come down, chicks tops come down 
Like when them shots come out make cops come around 
When the blocks come out I can wake up a small town 
Finish off the block then I make my mall rounds 
When them stares get exchanged then the 5th come out 
The tough guy disappears then the bitch come out 
"That's him" -I'm usually what they whisper about 
Either what chick he with, or his chip amount 
Cause I been doing this since CHIPS was out 
Watchin' Erik Estrada baggin' up at the Ramada 
Table full of powder, AC Broke 
'Bout to take another shower on my 25th hour 
Spike Lee's everywhere, game or the flight 
You might see me anywhere, day in the life 
Only thing changed the tail number on the flight 
I can touch down and take off the same night 
 
I'm so bossy 
Bitch get off me 
Trick get off me 
You cant get shit off me 
I'm so flossy 
No 6-exhaust breeze 
laid back, Maybach's 
Don't even talk to me! 
 
This is that ignorant shit you like 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice 
C'mon, I got that ignorant shit you love 
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricon, puta, and drugs 
C'mon, I got that ignorant shit you need 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick plus weed 
I'm only trying to give you what you want 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it don't front 
 
They're all actors 
Looking at themselves in the mirror backwards 
Can't even face themselves, don't fear no rappers 
They're all weirdos, DeNiro's in Practice 
So don't believe everything your earlobe captures 
Its mostly backwards 
Unless it happens to be as accurate as me 
And everything said in song you happen to see 
Then actually, believe half of what you see 
None of what you hear even if its spat by me 
And with that said, I will kill niggas dead 
Cut niggas short, give you wheels for legs 
Im a K-I- double -L-E-R 
See ya'll in hell 
Shoot niggas straight through the E.R. 
Whoa- this ain't B.R., no 
Its S.C., C.E.O., the next Lyor? 
No, the next leader of the whole free world 
And the first thing i'ma do is free Sigel, GO! 
 
Take off the cuffs, unlock the gate 
Its that ignorant nigga that you love to hate 
The '07 Ice Cube, B. Sig so rude 
Tell a trick, get these nuts, eat dick like food 
Now see if I care if this verse get aired 
Even if you mute it the curse is there, yeah 
I'm so raunchy, bitch get off me 
Keep my flea collar on, you lil ticks get off me! 
 
I missed the part where it stopped being about Imus 
What do my lyrics got to do with this SHIT? 
SCARFACE the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me 
Still that ain't the blame for all the shit that's happened to me 
Are you saying what I'm spitting, 
Is worse than these celebutantes showin' they kitten, you kidding? 
Lets stop the bullshittin' 
Til' we all without sin, let's quit the pulpit-ing 
SCARFACE the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me 
Still that ain't the blame for all the shit that's happened to me 
Lets stop the bullshittin' 
Til' we all without sin, let's quit the pulpit-ing, c'mon! 
 
This is that ignorant shit you like 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice 
C'mon, I got that ignorant shit you love 
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricon, puta, and drugs 
C'mon, I got that ignorant shit you need 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick plus weed 
I'm only trying to give you what you want 
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it don't front